Stuck on a ferris wheel

Author: Omolover222

*000*2023-02-10 18:12

Piper Kelly was so excited for her date. A guy, Luke Logan, and herself were heading to a restaurant for a first date!

As she put on a pair of white cotton panties, and a slightly transparent cyan summer dress, she received a text from Luke:

"You ready?"

She quickly typed out a response and prepared to go on the date! Without peeing!

She sat down at the table resturant with Logan.

"What would you like?" Asked the waiter.

"Want to share a pizza?" Asked Logan to Piper.

"Yeah!" Said Piper.

They ordered a large pepperoni.

The food came out but there was a problem! It was extremely spicy! Piper and Logan both drank copious amounts of water to cool down. Eventually, the two of them left, with filling bladders, but both were too embarrassed to say anything.

The toilets at the fairground were dirty and had long lines, so the two of them decided to not speak up about their growing needs and go on the Ferris wheel before heading home for a much-needed pee. As they got higher and higher, the conversation got far more detailed until!

Sudden stop! The Ferris wheel had stopped! It was the kind that was close-top and rickety!

Lola whimpered. She pressed her thighs together before crossing her legs, tightly. She longed to sit on her heel, or hold herself to keep in the tsunami of pee but the car was too rickety!

Luke sighed. He started scissoring his legs and tried to distract himself by talking to Lola.

They tried to get the attention of the operator but they were just too high!

TBC

Pls leave ideas in the comments.

Basic Outline:

- The desperation reaches to a point where they cannot hide it.

- They learn they're both dying for a pee.

- They do an extreme potty dance.

- Heavy leaks!

- Lola wets herself - a massive wet patch on the dress HUMILATED

- The Ferris wheel restarts.

- Luke darts out toward the toilets

- He has to wait in line!

- Potty dance!

- He finally gets in!

- He just makes it.

- They hug and comfort

- They head home together but stuck in traffic and need to pee again!

- Part 2???

