Ask NPM's Charazzy!

Author: OasisOnLock

*000*2020-06-08 03:12

The New Reign begins...$$

Once the ceremony was completed, Chara took a seat comfortably upon her rightful throne of the Queen while Asriel took the lesser Princess' throne next to it. The contest that had decided this arrangement was set in stone, but neither potential Queen had truly planned to take the role.

What issues among the Underground's subjects would the two answer? Will more lewd perils ensue? That's for you to discover in the next update session!

$$

*002*2020-06-12 23:22

{{8 hours ago, ScarletteV said:

This could get very... interesting, don't you think?~ I think a lot of us would quite enjoy more Chara-related... endeavours~

}}

Chara perked one of her eyebrows curiously towards this question.

Chr: ...What, exactly, could get 'interesting'? What do you mean by 'more'? Nothing's happened yet—

Asi (aside to Chr): I, uh... some Monsters might be able to guess what happened; I... didn't quite get to the laundry-room without being seen... wet, after our contest.

Chr (aside): You what? Azzy, tell me you're joking—

Asi (aside): No, I... don't think I am.

Chr: Ugh... alright... (forward) Whoever is aware of our decision process, those events are to stay only between you and the Royalty; that's an order.

Chara then shifted her weight slightly over her throne while Asriel's face flushed a small amount. Something was still going on with those two....

*004*2020-06-13 00:37

{{42 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Does Chara need to pee again?

}}

Asriel's face gradually continued to flush upon receiving this question as she silently allowed Chara to think of an appropriate response. Chara subtly adjusted her position another time before pressing her legs gently against each other over her seat.

Chr: That's... not pertinent information to the Underground's operation. Have some respect for your Queen.

Asriel nodded gently to reaffirm Chara's response. The two had clearly avoided giving a different answer to this question, and Chara did appear to have a small amount of discomfort...

*006*2020-06-13 01:07

{{7 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Oh come I was just asking cause I did enjoy that contest

}}

Asriel opened her mouth to speak in response to this but Chara held one of her hands up gently to speak for herself;

Chr: If you must know, then... I suppose... yes, I do...

Asriel's face quickly flushed much further and she held her ears against her face in a failed attempt to hide her embarrassment.

Chr: ...but it's not enough of a matter to cause a disturbance.

Chara then separated her legs slightly in her place and made a point to sit upright as Asriel shot an unsure glance towards her between her own ears.

*008*2020-06-13 01:42

{{6 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

I'm curious; how heavy were your bladder bulges?

How did you both manage to sleep without peeing in bed?

}}

Chr (aside): ... Alright, you really are a curious one, aren't you...?

Chara briefly glanced around herself to ensure that she would be answering this question privately.

Chr (forward): We didn't have a means of... measuring ourselves during the contest, but I'd say... we both had a few 'extra pounds' in us by the end—the Princess had a more difficult time carrying hers.

Asriel hesitantly nodded gently and continued to remain silent in embarrassment as she briefly held a hand beneath her lower stomach demonstrating that she agreed with this statement of the weight.

Chr: As for sleeping... we didn't get that much sleep during the contest, to be fair, but... when we did... —that's a good question; I suppose we're both practiced enough to be able to do that.

*010*2020-06-13 01:55

{{3 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Well at least you tried sleeping but can I say I love the size of the bladder bulge

}}

Chr: ... Wha—you saw that, too? I thought the whole meeting was private!

Chara brought a hand protectively to her own lower stomach beneath her armor as she glared towards Asriel.

Asi (aside): ... It was, uh... supposed to be—yeah....

Chr: [sigh]... Thank you; a queen should be strong, after all.

*013*2020-06-13 02:02

{{Just now, Omo luna said:

Well yeah the queen should be strong but I’m curious on how long it took you to empty your bladder

}}

Chara remained silent and turned her gaze to Asriel who took a slight step forwards.

Asi: I was, uhm... —Char was the only one paying attention—I was apparently at it for about ten minutes, but she... doesn't want others knowing about herself—I didn't see that either—

*015*2020-06-13 02:13

{{7 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Now did you and asriel meet and how did you deal with not going to the toilet when asriel got to go? oh, and did you both secretly like doing it in your spare times?

}}

Chr: Well, we met because I, uh...

Chara paused for a few moments in thought.

Chr: ... fell down a hole, and I didn't know how to get out, so the Dreemurr family took me in to stay—we're kind of like sisters. As for... the other questions—people really wanna know a lot about this, don't they?

There was another short pause while Asriel returned to her throne before Chara spoke once more;

Chr: When she was... 'going,' it was... definitely more difficult, but I... still had a bit of room left in myself; I could power through it, and... it wasn't really something that either of us enjoyed, but it was a... valid way to compare our strengths, and... sort of like a game to keep it entertaining for however long, so we went with it.

{{4 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

But did it felt good to pee

}}

Asi: I... —yes, it was... really good for me.

Asriel then glanced curiously back to Chara who simply remained silent once more; for some reason, she seemed to have a motivation to be secretive about her own bladder....

*017*2020-06-13 02:23

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

Asirel could I also say you did a good job at holding your pee in until the end including you chara

}}

Both: Thank you...

Asriel then glanced briefly down to her own body as it could be noticed that her bladder had begun to swell slightly once more before she returned her attention to the other Monster.

Asi: Yeah, I... put almost everything I had into it, but I... feel like I could've won if I really committed to it—'guess it's too late now—

*019*2020-06-13 02:29

{{Just now, Omo luna said:

But did you ever like the size of your bladder bulge asirel

}}

Asi: I, uhm... If it were ever to be... big, and... Char wouldn't keep teasing me about it, I... might like to keep it for a bit, but I know that's... improper—

Chara's attention perked slightly towards Asriel with this statement and Asriel shifted her weight a small amount as her bladder's contents sloshed quietly for a moment.

*021*2020-06-13 02:33

{{Just now, Omo luna said:

Why are you shifting weights?

}}

Asi: 'Cause... I... kinda need to pee again, too, but I... can almost do whatever I want as the Princess, and I'm taking that opportunity to... try and train this.

Asriel then rested one hand gently against her bladder as her face flushed another time.

*023*2020-06-13 02:47

{{8 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Are you gonna get a bladder bulge again asirel?

}}

Asi: Yeah, I'm... gonna try for one—it's already... back, a little bit—

Asriel demonstrated this by pressing her hand slightly against her bladder before her tail wagged gently behind herself as her face remained flushed.

