The Rewritten Hiking Trip (Yagyu (Senran Kagura)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-07-04 16:30

$$

Note:This is a rewrite of my first Story.

A harsh wind blew across the trees in the mountains,causing the 2 members of the Hanzo International Academy to stop in their tracks. These two were Yagyu and hibari. Two Shinobi that were scaling a mountain as part of their shinobi training. There was a powerful opponent waiting for them at the top and the only way to reach them was to get past all the obstacles that were on this mountain. Yagyu held her umbrella in front of Hibari and looked around for any hazards.

Yagyu was a little protective the pink haired shinobi. Well... a little protective might be an understatement. Very protective would be more accurate. Yagyu was willing to do everything for hibari and would gladly put her life on the line to protect her. And that was no different during this trip. As she had spent a majority of the trip protecting her from the wild animals that tried to attack her. The two Shinobi were now surrounded by many trees. Trees that were big enough to block the light from the sky. Eventually they stopped at a river.

'Yagyu-chan...' Yagyu turned to Hibari. She fell on her butt and gave her an exhausted look.

'Can we Please take a break? We've been walking for about an hour now....' Hibari asked.

'I'm sure Kiriya-Sensei won't mind if we take a quick break.' Yagyu said. She lifted Hibari and carried her bridal style towards a nearby rock. She rested Hibari against the rock. Yagyu sat on the rock and opened her umbrella. Hibari tilted her head towards the river and smiled. The calm noises of the river caused her to doze off. Yagyu smiled and gently stroked Hibari's face. She looked so cute when she was sleeping. The eye-patched shinobi turned to the river and closed her eyes. The sounds of the river, Hibari being close to her. It all made her feel at ease.

But peace was interrupted when Yagyu started feeling something. And that something was her bladder filling up. She had neglected to use the bathroom before the trip. And now that she had some time to rest, The pressure hit her that much harder. There were plenty of bushes around and Hibari seemed to be completely asleep. But she didn't want to leave her and risk her getting attacked. She decided it would be best to cut the break short and continue. She shook Hibari to wake her up.

"Hmm...Five more minutes please." Hibari said.

"Hibari. We have to continue. If we let our guards down any longer,we'll get attacked." Yagyu said while rubbing her legs together. truth to be told, She wanted to get away from this river as fast as possible as it wasn't really helping her take her mind off of her bladder.

Hibari pouted and wined while getting up from the rock. The two Shinobi quickly continued down their path. Yagyu stayed on the lookout for any threats while Hibari followed behind her,while also looking out for enemies.

###

"Phew...." Hibari sat down behind a tree and sighed. Yagyu hid behind the same tree,but peeked forward to see if there were any enemies following them. However,while doing so,Yagyu was having trouble standing still. She seemed to have underestimated the mountain. As getting here took longer than she had expected. Her bladder had only gotten more full with each passing minute and while she had done a pretty good job combating the wild life that attacked her,she was unable to ignore her growing need.

"Huh? Yagyu? are you okay?" Hibari asked. Yagyu looked at her and and kept looking around for threats. Her need to pee could wait,right now keeping Hibari safe and reaching the top of this mountain was more important.

Yagyu motioned Hibari to follow her and after looking around herself,Hibari complied. Yagyu held her Parasol tighter and stayed vigilant. Her bladder kept trying to get her attention,but she continued to ignore it.

###

"Hibari! Hibari where are you?!" Yagyu asked. She couldn't believe it..but it happened. She and Hibari had gotten separated. Right now,she had put reaching the top of the mountain on hold in order to search for Hibari. However,Hibari wasn't the only thing she was worried about. Her bladder had become even more full and she had a difficult time concentrating because of it.

Eventually,She reached a river. Yagyu groaned and looked away from the river. She needed to focus on finding Hibari and keeping her bladder from releasing it's contents and the sight and sounds of a river wasn't really helping with that. Still,she didn't see another path. She didn't want to go near that river,but it didn't seem like she had a choice. She opened her brella and jumped of off the cliff. Yagyu opened her umbrella and angled it downwards. The shinobi landed in the river,using the open umbrella as a makeshift raft. Yagyu held onto the handle and looked around for Hibari. Unfortunately, because she was pretty much in the river,the sound of splashing water kept distracting her from that goal,causing her to turn her attention back to trying to hold it in.

Suddenly,Yagyu felt a slight draft. She turned around and saw that part of her skirt was gone. And she soon found out why: The river was filled with Piranhas. All those piranha's quickly jumped onto the shinobi and started chomping on her clothes. And because she was using her parasol as a raft right now,Yagyu had no way fighting back. One of the Piranhas managed to get a bite on her skin,causing her to flinch. Yagyu quickly crossed her legs and jammed her free hand between her legs.

"What do i do? This is bad..." Yagyu said to herself.

"Yagyu!""That voice?

"Hibari?!" Yagyu looked to her left and saw Yagyu running down the path next to the river.

"Hibari! Stay back! These are piranhas!" Yagyu said as she tried to shake of the piranhas.

"No! I'm going to help you!" Hibari said.

"Hibari?""

"Secret Ninja art!" Hibari closed her eyes and clenched her fists. Out of nowhere,a pink bunny on a yellow cloud appeared next to her. Hibari hopped on the cloud and the two immediately flew towards Yagyu. Hibari grabbed yagyu and carried her away from the river. All the piranha's fell of her body and landed back in the river. The two arrived at dry land and the pink bunny flew away.

"Thank you,Mr. Bunny!" Hibari said while waving at the bunny as it left. She turned you Yagyu and looked at her with a worried expression.

"Yagyu? are you okay?"

"I'm fine. i was only bitten directly once." Yagyu said. She tried to get up,but she felt a strong twinge in her body.

"L-Let's continue." Yagyu said while ignoring the strong pressure.

"Hibari...I'm grateful that you saved me." Yagyu said,earning a smile from Hibari.

###

"Ahh...." Yagyu groaned.

"Yagyu?" Hibari asked.

"I'm okay,Hibari. I'm just..tired. How about we stop here?" Yagyu asked. Hibari looked around and then looked at the sky. The sun was starting to set and by the looks of it,they still had a long way to go. And she was feeling pretty tired too. So she nodded.

"Hmm...I'm getting hungry." Hibari said.

"I'll go get us some food." Yagyu said. She took a few steps forward,but she felt another strong twinge in her body. She was able to hold it through all the obstacles she and Hibari went through,but now her bladder was reaching its limit. She had to take care of it now,but she didn't want to leave Hibari alone. However,She ignored her needs once again when she noticed how uneasy Hibari looked.

'Yagyu-chan....' Yagyu approached her and inspected her. There were no visible wounds on her body. But she still looked like she was in pain. Could it be...?

'I gotta pee!' Hibari blurted out. Suddenly,she jammed her hands between her legs and started potty dancing while looking around. This caught Yagyu by surprise.

"Hibari? How long have you been holding it?" Yagyu asked. Hibari stayed silent.

"Have you been holding it all day?" Hibari nodded.

"I can't hold it anymore,i need to go now!" Hibari said. She then ran towards the bushes.

"Hibari! Wait!" Yagyu said as she followed the pink shinobi into the bushes. Hibari jumped over the bushes and looked around to make sure she was safe. Yagyu caught up to Hibari.

""Hibari! Don't just run off like-" Yagyu's words trailed off then she saw Hibari pulling down her biker shorts along with her panties. Hibari popped a squat and almost immediately,a powerful spurt of pee escaped from her body. Followed by another spurt,followed by a stream that splattered against the dirt below. Hibari let out a loud sigh and her face was filled with bliss. Despite standing right behind her,Yagyu could see the stream that was coming out of her body. Yagyu stood there stunned until she felt another twinge in her body. Yagyu looked around. She wanted to stand her and guard Hibari,but her bladder was driving her insane. She approached hibari and hiked up her broken skirt. Hibari opened her eyes and took notice of Yagyu.

"Yagyu? What are you-" Hibari asked. Yagyu pulled down her panties and squatted next to her pink friend. Unlike Hibari,There was a slight delay before a powerful stream of urine jetted out of her privates. Yagyu tried to stay quiet,but a moan escaped from her mouth. She closed her eyes and relaxed while her stream continued. Hibari was staring at Yagyu with a surprised look on her face. She looked at the stream coming out of Yagyu and then back at Yagyu,Wondering if she was holding it just as long as she was. The two shinobi relaxed and waited for their streams to end. After about a minute,only a few drips came out of their body.

"Oh...There's nothing to wipe with..." Hibari said as she looked around. Yagyu grabbed some leaves from a nearby bush and inspected them. She then gave one to Hibari and used the one she was still holding to wipe herself. Hibari looked at the leaf. She hesitated,but she still used the leaf the wipe herself. She pulled up her panties and shorts and smiled. She was proud of herself for managing to avoid leaking in her panties. Yagyu got up and pulled her panties back up.

"I feel so much better..." Hibari said with a smile.

"I'm glad you do." Yagyu said with a smile.

"Yagyu...You shouldn't hold it for so long like that." Hibari said.

"I..wasn't holding it for that long." Yagyu said. Hibari just stared at Yagyu before letting out a sigh.

"Please,Let me know when you need to go next time." Hibari said with a worried look. Yagyu stayed silent for a few seconds before nodding.

"As long as you do the same..." Yagyu replied. With all of that taken care of,The two shinobi returned to their main path to set up camp. They still had quite a long journey ahead of them.

