Vacation Desperation

Author: Omonomiyaki

*000*2023-01-24 19:44

Checking into the Hotel:

*The following is a fic about my own OCs, a lesbian couple, Dub and Breezy.

They’re in my illustrations on this site if you want visual reference. I mainly write this because typing is easier than illustration as I’ve recently taken some damage to

My hands. It should heal up fine, but for now, the story*

Dub and Breezy had just gotten to their hotel and are ready to begin their vacation.

“These halls are so beautiful! You’ve picked a wonderful hotel for our vacation babe”, Dub exclaims.

Meanwhile breezy is barely trailing behind, shaking with her hands plastered against her crotch.

“Goddamnit where is our room, Dub? I’m DYING!! I couldn’t use the toilet on the plane because of turbulence, the airport bathroom was too crowded,

The taxi here was so bumpy and JESUS FUCKING CHRIST I HAVE TO PISS!!” Breezy continued rambling and fussing over this fact until finally they get to their room.

“#368..this is the one, Breezy.. calm down already” Dub opens the door, as Breezy bolts into the room. She screams “BATHROOM” as she dashes past dub in a frantic manner.

The bathroom door won’t budge….

“wh..what the FUCK!? IT’S LOCKED? WHY? WHY NOW? ”

Dub is growing more concerned for her. ”Sh..Should I call the desk? They can probably open it up pretty quick?”

Breezy is beginning to cry as she turns to dub and whimpers “I caaan’t.. I can’t hold it that long…I’m gonna explode!!!”

Dub begins searching the hotel room for a solution. “Housekeeping must have accidentally locked the bathroom behind them. What bad timing!”

Dub notices a knee-high pile of white towels behind the bed.

“Breezy, they seem to have also forgotten some towels in here.. I..I hate to even suggest it but..maybe you could..” Breezy cuts her off immediately, screaming “I DON’T CARE ANYMORE!!!”

She dashes to the towels, flinging her panties off to the side and letting herself fall to the floor, onto the inviting surface.

Her butt hits the towels with an almost comical *POMF* and not another second passes before the floodgates open.

Breezy’s eyes seem to roll into the back of her head as Pee begins flooding out of her bladder at an immense rate, slowly spreading a light yellow color along the

Surface of the towels

“ hhhHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGHHHH ~<3 ” Breezy can’t stop moaning and quivering as the ordeal she’d been holding back finally releases.

The towels are dampening and the yellow stain is massively overtaking the top half of the towel stack.

She feels the damp, warm sensation of her pee from the front of her crotch to the back of her buttocks, only helping her to finally relax into it.

“Mmmmhhh oh GOOHHDDDD that was too close for comfort” After about 3 minutes, the pee stops flowing out and Breezy falls onto her back, panting in relief and baring her wet

Underside to the room.

Dub is silent…she begins shaking and impatiently wrustling her legs.

“Are you alright dub?”, Breezy asks in concern. Dub looks away in embarrassment.

“Y…You weren’t the only one who hasn’t had a chance to pee, you know?”

Breezy looks at her with concerned eyes as Dub continues. “Breezy, I didn’t want to say anything because I didn’t want to exacerbate your situation but…I’ve needed to pee so bad since we left our house.. between almost being late for our plane and everything else that happened,.. after Just seeing that…I…HAAAAAA!!!”

Dub whips her dress off. With no time to even remove her panties she slams down onto the already damp, squishy pile of towels.

Breezy is so turned on by this that a little blood shoots out of her nose.

She thinks to herself *Oh my gosh..she’s on my pee, she’s peeing into my pee!! She’s so desperate..it’s SO CUTE!!”

Dub’s bladder lets loose as an almost deafening sigh fills the room.

“ HHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! ^o^ ”

She continues to verbally emote her relief as breezy begins rubbing her own clit in excitement~

The combined urine has now fully saturated the towels and begun leaking onto the hotel room floor.

“There’s so much pee, Breezy! I can’t STOOHHHPP!”

Breezy in ecstatic empathy of Dub’s release, loudly cums in excitement of the event.

For 5 minutes Dub writhes and straddles the towels as torrents of piss release from her. She is in heaven right now!

After the flow finally reaches an end, Dub falls onto Breezy, both of them soaked from the crotch, downward.

“B-b-Breezy….hahhh..I love you <3“

Breezy blushes even more than she has been and responds “I love you too, Dub <3”

The two lay in an embrace for 20 minutes until realizing how awkward explaining this situation will be.

The rest of their vacation, however, went off without a hitch and they had a wonderful two weeks of fun~\

- ASNESBO

*002*2023-01-25 00:43

{{29 minutes ago, Frankfrankfran said:

Love the story really sexy 🙂

}}

Thank you~ I always enjoy blending in the romantic elements of their struggle. That knowing each one will both sympathize with and enjoy the other's struggle without any judgement. An unspoken bond between the two. 💛

