Desperate Overseer (Marie - Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-12-19 15:29

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

$$

SPLAT!

The explosion of blue ink covered the ground and destroyed the nearby Octotrooper. The Octotrooper dropped some power eggs,Wich Agent 4 picked up from the ground. With one of the troops out of the way,Agent 4 fired at the ground and created a path of ink. She then transformed into her squid form and dived into the ink. She had one objective: Get to the end of the stage and retrieved the Zapfish that waited at the end. And to do that,she had to get past all the Octarians that stood in the way.

While it may have looked like it,she wasn't exactly alone on this mission. There was someone assisting her from the sidelines.

"You're doing pretty well,Agent 4." A voice said. This voice came from the headphones Agent 4 had on her head. This voice belonged to the leader of this operation. Marie from

Squid Sister fame. She was keeping track of Agent 4's progress on a monitor.

"Huh? More Tentakooks? Seriously?" Marie said as she stared at the screen. Multiple Octarians with roller skates and hard hats were spinning in place. They stopped spinning and skated away once they spotted Agent 4.

"Well...One of 'em has to have a key. After them,Agent 4!" Marie commanded. Agent 4 created another path of ink and followed the Octarians. Marie kept her eyes on the monitor while holding her paper parasol. However,she was also nervously shifting her weight from one foot to another. As she kept monitoring Agent 4,she could feel some pressure in her abdomen. Marie felt like she made the right choice with recruiting Agent 4. The new recruit was recovering zapfish at a pretty fast rate. But that was mostly because Agent 4 didn't take breaks in-between entering and leaving the stages. Marie also didn't take breaks because she had to keep her eyes on Agent 4. Because of this,Marie has been unable to use the bathroom since she recruited her.

SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!

All of the Tentakooks exploded. Leaving behind multiple puddles of Agent 4's ink and a key. Agent 4 grabbed the key and triumphantly raised it.

"Good going,Agent 4. Now use that key to open that locker next to you." Marie said. Four replied with a "Woomy" and made her way to the locker. The locker opened and revealed a Launchpad. Marie turned away from the screen and to the cabin right behind her. She looked back at the screen and then back at the cabin. There weren't anymore Octarians in the way,so it seemed like Marie could use the bathroom while Agent 4 was making her way to the Zapfish.

Marie started walking towards the cabin. Right before she could enter the cabin....

"Hey! Marie!" A voice yelled. Marie jumped back and held her parasol in front of her as a shield. It took her a couple of seconds to realize that it was just Sheldon standing in front of her.

"*Sigh* It's just you Sheldon. Can i help you?" Marie asked.

"I don't need anything right now. I just wanted to thank you once again for letting me join you guys on this mission!" Sheldon said with excitement.

"Oh. It's no problem. We need all the help we can get..." Marie said. Before she could take another step forward.....

"This is so amazing! Thanks to you and Agent 4,i'll be able to sell these weapons in no time!"

"That's nice...uhh...."

"But,i think i'm gonna have to tweak them a little. After all,a weapon that doesn't drain a lot of ink and has 3 Sub-specials would be pretty unfair to use during Turf War,right?"

"Uhh...Right...Anyways i-"

"Will you be using the hero charger once i'm done making the necessary changes?"

"Uhh....Yes,sure."

"Oh! Thank you! I can't wait till i can....."

Sheldon continued to ramble on. Marie tried to stop the conversation,but Sheldon would keep interrupting her in order to tell her about how happy he was to be working with the New Squidbeak Splatoon.

"OH! UH....Sheldon." Marie said loudly. Almost immediately, Sheldon stiffened up and stopped talking.

"I uhh...feel a bit thirsty...can you go get me a drink?" Marie asked nervously.

"Oh...Sure. I'll be right back!" Sheldon said as she marched away from Marie and entered a manhole. Marie sighed and grabbed the door knob. As soon as she twisted it however,She heard a splash...

"Agent 4 is back....Carp..." Marie said to herself. She let go of the door and approached Agent 4 with a smile. Four handed over the Zapfish the retrieved and smiled.

"Good Job,Agent 4. Just...put it right there,with the other Zapfish." Marie said. And Agent 4 complied. While Four was placing the Zapfish,Marie tapped her on the shoulder.

"Uhh...You've been busy for quite a while now. Why not take a break?" Marie asked with a nervous smile. Agent 4 turned around and shook her head. She pointed to the entrance of the next level and started walking towards it.

"Are you sure you don't want to take a break? I know that Inkopolis will lose it's power if we don't hurry...but like,a break won't hurt." Marie said.

Agent 4 smiled and shook her head again. She then created a path of ink and swam towards the next entrance. Marie put her free hand between her legs and rubbed them together. She sighed and returned to her monitor. It's not like she was near her limit. She looked at the monitor and her eyes widened when she saw Agent 4's location. The stage consisted of multiple platforms with bounce pads on them. And underneath those platforms was a lot of water. It looked like some kind of resort. Marie crossed her legs tighter and groaned.

"Hopefully she'll get past this level fast...." Marie said to herself. She kept her eyes on Agent 4 while trying to ignore the water on screen and the pressure in her bladder.

"Here's your drink!" Sheldon said.

Marie jumped at the sudden voice. She quickly crossed her legs and looked at Sheldon with a surprised expression.

"W-Woah. That was fast!" Marie said.

"Well,The Crust Bucket is Just across the manhole. And it helps that there wasn't a line." Sheldon said. Marie nervously grabbed the drink and placed it next to the radio. The two then went back to monitoring Four. Sheldon then noticed that Marie wasn't standing still.

"Hey. Marie. Are you okay?" Sheldon asked.

"Hmm? Oh uhh...I'm fine....uhh..." Marie said as she nervously brushed the tentacles she had for hair with her free hand.

"Hey! How about you tell me more about the charger. I heard they recently changed how it works." Marie said in an attempt to change the subject.

"Oh! With pleasure! You see,we recently made a new model of the Splat Charger. You're now capable of storing your charges for a short time if you're submerged in...."

Sheldon continued to ramble about the Splat Charger. Marie kept listening in the hopes that it would distract her from her bladder. But like every other inkling that stepped into his shop,it didn't take long for Marie to get bored of Sheldon's rambling. Marie turned back to the monitor and put her free hand back between her legs again. All while Sheldon obliviously rambled on and on...

______

"Careful,Agent 4. There are multiple Octotroopers underneath that bridge." Marie said. Agent 4 looked at the grated bridge and sure enough,there were multiple Octotroopers hovering above magenta colored ink. Agent 4 steadily walked across the bridge to avoid catching the Octotroopers' attention. Meanwhile,Marie was still fidgeting in front of the monitor. Now she was using both hands to ease the pressure on her bladder,with the paper parasol she was holding being on the ground next to her. Agent 4 was near the end of another stage. A few minutes ago, she managed to retrieve the Zapfish that was located in the resort level. And just like every other level so far,she excitedly jumped from on level to the next without taking a break. On the bright side,Marie didn't have to stare at all that water now that the level was completed.

The monitor showed Agent 4 standing next to a vault.

"A vault! There should be a key nearby." Marie said. Agent 4 charged up her Hero Splatling and started firing....But not at enemies. She was firing at a stack of boxes next to the fault.

"I'm....starting to think you have a problem,Agent 4." Marie said. Agent 4 always seemed to go out of her way to break every box she could find. That's when Marie heard some machine noises coming from the monitor.

"Huh? Where is that noise coming from?" Marie asked. That's when she saw a Flooder patrolling the are. As the Flooder moved around,it covered the floor in Octarian Ink by jetting out multiple streams of Ink.

"Oh...You gotta be squiddin' me..." Marie whispered. Marie then heard a "huh?" Coming from the radio. She looked back at Agent 4 and saw her standing there with a confused expression.

"Oh! Everything is fine,Agent 4. Uhh...Do you see a key?" Marie asked. Agent 4 looked at the area the Flooder was guarding and saw a Key floating near a ledge. Agent 4 hopped onto the area and created a path of her own ink. The Flooder spotted her and started chasing her. Upon noticing this,Agent 4 quickly dived into her ink and swam forward. Marie looked away from the monitor and squirmed. The sight of the flooder was torturing her bladder.

"Marie?" Sheldon said. Once again,this caught Marie off guard and nearly made her lose control of her bladder. Marie crossed her legs tighter and glared at Sheldon.

"Sheldon. Can you please stop sneaking up on me like that?!" Marie asked.

"S-Sorry! It's just.....You've been pretty fidgety for the past few minutes. Are you okay?" Sheldon asked with concern.

"Yeah,I'm fine....." Marie said she crossed her arms.

"For eel?" Sheldon asked.

"Yes. For eel! Everything is okay." Marie said. Sheldon shrugged and walked away from Marie. Marie sighed and turned back to the Monitor. Agent 4 was still swimming away from the Flooder. Four then jumped away from the edge and landed back on the platform with the vault. She then pulled out the key and used it to open the vault.

"Good Job,Agent 4!" Marie said. Agent 4 gave a thumbs up to herself and then hopped onto the launchpad.

______

Agent 4 landed in a Dark Cave. Right in front of her was another launchpad. This one seemed to lead straight to a giant platform with a Zapfish hovering on top of It. But below the zapfish was a puddle of Octarian Ink. Four happily skipped towards the launchpad and Super Jumped towards the Arena.

"Wheeeeeeeee~" Agent 4 yelled as she soared through the air. She stuck the landing and ran towards the Zapfish. Suddenly,A tentacle came out of the puddle and yanked the zapfish away. The puddle of ink started glowing and a giant square started rising out of it.

"C'mon! We get it! You guys like to make an entrance. Can you hurry up?" Marie whispered as shifted her weight from one foot to another. Each boss they ran into always made these big but slow entrances. This one felt extra slow because of the pressure Marie was feeling. She was near her limit now and couldn't stand still. Thank cod that Sheldon was currently busy checking the test results from Agent 4. A giant block with tiny legs and a big face rose from the ink. The giant Octarian roared and started charging towards Agent 4.

"Ahh......Wait, I know this guy! It's the Octostomp! Agent 3 fought against this thing years ago! I guess he's back for more...." Marie said. The Octostomp jumped and landed face first on the ground. While he was down,Agent 4 covered him with her ink and swam up to the exposed tentacle on his back. Once she reached his back,she spun her dualies and started firing at the tentacle.

"Nice,Agent 4! Marie said with a nervous smile. The tentacle exploded and Octarian Ink started jetting out of his back.

"Ngh...." Marie groaned as she grossed her legs tighter. She forgot that this would happen each time you struck a boss' weak point. Agent 4 Super Jumped away from the Octostomp and landed in front of him. The Octostomp got back up and looked at Agent 4. Suddenly,A coat fell from the ceiling and landed on his body. The Octostomp roared again and charged at Agent 4. He them jumped and landed face first into the ground. Agent 4 fired some ink at his body,but the ink quickly dissolved.

"Oh great. He....ahh...we can't ink that coat...ngh...what do we do?" Marie asked. The Octostomp then got back up and looked at Agent 4.

That's when Agent 4 noticed the black buckle that was holding the coat together. Four fired at the buckle until it snapped,causing the coat to fall of. The Octostomper roared and charged at Four again. Four rolled out of the way with her dualies and avoided the Octostomp's attack. She inked the Octostomp again and swam up to the exposed tentacle. After firing at the tentacle again,it exploded again and more ink jetted out of the Octostomp. Marie looked away from the screen and pressed her hands her crotch. Agent 4 jumped away from the Octostomp and turned around to see he had regained the coat he had. This time however,the sides of the coat opened like a door, revealing to more Octostomp faces. Marie turned back towards the screen and almost immediately jumped from what she saw.

"Eek! A-Ahh!" Marie quickly jammed her hands back between her legs and rubbed her knees together under she was sure had control of her bladder. She then looked back at the screen to see Agent 4 with a concerned expression.

"Yeah,i uhh..i'm fine,Agent 4. It's just....T-THIS DUDE JUST GREW TWO MORE FACES!!!" Marie yelled. Agent 4 looked back at the Octostomp and saw it charging up a splatling that was located on top of his head. He then started firing at four,who dodged all the ink shots by diving into her ink and rolling around with her dualies. The Octostomp roared again and charged towards Agent 4. As he jumped,Four quickly rolled to the side. But thanks to one of the extra faces, she ended up getting crushed.

"Agent 4?!" Marie called out. The Octostomp got up and looked around in confusion. Marie was also confused. Usually whenever an inkling is splatted,a ghost will fly out. Suddenly,Agent 4 jumped out of a puddle of her own ink. And she looked perfectly fine,except the jacket she was wearing was now gone. Marie smiled and breathed a sigh of relief. She then gritted her teeth and tightened her bladder again.

"I nearly lost it...." Marie said to herself.

"Hmm?" Agent 4 asked.

"A-Ah! Nothing! N-Now go ahead and splat this sucker!" Marie said. Agent 4 smiled and waited for the Octostomp to attack her. The Octostomp leaped towards her. but this time,she rolled backwards and avoided the extra faces. Once the Octostomp got up,Four once again fired at the black buckle until the armor came of and the two faces were gone along with. The Octostomp screamed and jumped face first towards her again. Four rolled out of the way and started and started covering him in ink again. She then swam in the ink,got on his back and fired at the exposed tentacle again until it exploded. Electric sparks started coming out of the Octostomp and he started spinning his legs rapidly. Four quickly Super Jumped away from the Octostomp and as soon as she landed,the Octostomp exploded. Scattering ink everywhere.

"Ngh....ahh..." Marie moaned. She felt like her bladder was about to explode just like the Octostomp. Sheldon returned to the monitor with some notes.

"I'm back,Marie. How is agent 4....uhh...Marie?" Sheldon asked as he saw her slightly bent over. Marie quickly turned around and ran towards the cabin.

"Huh? Marie? Where are you going?" Sheldon asked.

"Ahh...i gotta take care of something! Just stay there and wait for agent 4!" Marie said as she hastily opened the door.

"Wait,what do you-"

"Kay,Thanks! Be right back!" Marie said as she quickly shut the door. She jammed her hand between her legs again and made a dash towards the bathroom door. She entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her. She then turned around and saw the squat toilet that she's been dying to visit. The sight of it almost made her lose control of her bladder. Marie moaned and quickly walked over to the toilet. She then hiked up her kimono and yanked down her lime green panties. She hastily squatted above the toilet and almost immediately,a stream of lime-colored urine jetted out of her urethra.

"Aaahhhhh~.......Ohhh....~" Marie moaned with relief as all the urine finally escaped her bladder. A smile appeared on her face and her eyes slowly closed. The sound of her stream splattering against the water in the toilet echoed through the room along with her moans of relief. Marie opened her eyes and watched as her stream continued. She then looked at her panties,which were thankfully still dry. After a while,her stream slowly got weaker and then stopped completely. Marie held out her hand,but had some trouble reaching the toilet paper in the position she was in. She got up,grabbed some toilet paper and used it to wipe herself clean. After throwing the paper in the bin,she pulled up her panties and flushed the toilet. She then walked over to the sink and washed her hands.

______

"Put it right there with the rest of the Zapfish." Sheldon said. Agent 4 nodded and walked up to the other Zapfish while looking around in confusion. After putting down the zapfish,Marie exited the cabin. Looking much more relaxed now.

"Sorry about that. I had something to take care of." Marie said with a smile.

"Oh! Wait! When you said you needed to take care of business,did you mean you needed to use-" sheldon spoke. Marie quickly put er finger in front of his mouth and shushed him.

"Aaaaanyways....Good job,Agent 4!" Marie said with a smile. Agent 4 smiled back at Marie and performed the "Stay Fresh" pose Callie and Marie used to perform whenever they were on the news. This caused Marie to let out a chuckle. Suddenly,the sound of electricity caught the groups attention. They turned around just in time to see a barrier of glass be shattered by the electricity generated by all the Zapfish. behind the now broken barrier was a launchpad.

"Booyah! We can access the next level! Sheldon said while jumping with excitement. Four chuckled and wasted no time heading towards the launchpad.

"Wait,Four! Maybe you should-" Marie didn't get to finish her sentence. Agent 4 hopped on the launchpad and Super Jumped towards the next set of levels. Marie sighed and followed the fourth agent.

*002*2019-12-19 16:27

{{14 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a fantasmic story I really enjoyed reading it

}}

Thanks.

