Omovember Day 13: Holding it during a performance

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-16 17:44

$$

"Thank you everyone! Thank you! Are you all enjoying the show so far?" Lola Pop said. Her crowd cheered in response. Lola Pop did multiple backflips and launched one of her ARMS towards a table in front of a bus.

"Thank you! Thank you so much. But you know,this performance has me feeling a bit thirsty. So how about we have a little drink?" Lola pop asked as she removed the cap of a bottle of soda. She then began chugging it down in front of the crowd. The crowd stared at her in confusion until they noticed that her suit began puffing up like a balloon. Lola continued chugging down the drink with her suit grown with each gulp. until eventually.

*POP!*

The suit exploded into multiple pieces and the now-empty bottle of soda fell on the ground,the crowd gasped audibly and looked around for the stretchy armed clown until she landed in front of them and giggled.

"Whoops! I guess i had a bit too much to drink. Hahaha!" Lola Pop laughed. The crowd laughed and then clapped for her.

"Alright everyone! How about we take a short break? We'll be back with the LOLs soon!" Lola happily said. The crowd once again let out a cheer and separated. Lola pop now sat down and relaxed in the center of Via Dolce.

"See Biff? I told you i could could pull it off!" Lola said with pride.

"I didn't doubt it for a second,Lola!" Biff replied. Lola Pop began practicing for her next trick. All while Biff went back to check on the recording equipment.

"Hey Biff,do you have anymore of that soda? If was pretty good!" Lola Pop.

"Afraid that was the only bottle we had." Biff said.

"Aww,bummer." Lola said while juggling.

"I don't know. Maybe it's for the best that you only drank one bottle." Biff replied.

"What do you mean?"

"Well,you did just drink and ENTIRE bottle of that stuff. Just imagine what would happen if you drank more of it." Biff said.

"Oh c'mon. What's that worst that could happen?" Lola asked.

Biff shrugged and went back to relaxing. Break time had passed and the crowd soon began gathering around the center of Via Dolce again. Lola got on top of a unicycle and began juggling a bunch of cookies in front of the crowd. It was one of her older tricks and yet it seemed the crowd never got tired of it. Probably because Lola would always throw the cookies at the crowd,giving however was lucky enough to catch it a tasty snack. Lola continued performing various tricks with all the energy she was known for.

However,Halfway through her performance she began feeling a little uneasy. She was now starting to see why Biff was worried about her drinking another bottle earlier.

"Oh! Maybe that trick wasn't such a good idea." She thought while performing one of her tricks. With each movement she made,she felt a wave of pressure going through her body. That bottle of soda went through her faster than she expected. Lola finished her last trick and posed. The audience let out a loud cheer,which brought a brief smile to Lola's face.

"Alright. Don't worry about it Lola! You only have a few more tricks left!" Lola said. Her first trick involved her crossing a tightrope. She got on top of a platform and stretched her arms out to grab a few massive bowls of ramen. She held two on her ARMS and one on her head. She began walking on the tightrope while the crowd watched with suspense. Normally walking across a tightrope wasn't a problem for the clown,but with her bladder now demanding her attention,she was having trouble standing still. She began losing her balance and some of the members of the crowd let out a gasp. But she regained her balance and briefly crossed her legs before continuing her trick. She reached the other side and bowed for the audience while keeping her legs crossed.

The tricks that followed afterwards weren't as dangerous but they still required her to move a lot,which was something her bladder was protesting more and more with each passing minute. As the performance neared its end,Lola's movements became a lot more stiff. But she pretended that was all part of the act. Soon,the performance reached its end and Lola finished it off with a bow with her legs crossed. The crowd let out one final cheer. Or at least what Lola THOUGHT was the last cheer. Because she soon heard then chanting; Again! Again! Again!

"Huh? You guys want an encore?" Lola asked,with the crowd cheering louder in response. Lola sweated. On the one hand,She wasn't one to disappoint the crowd. On the other hand,her bladder was very full and she doubted she could do all those tricks again with a full bladder.

"Alright! Let's perform again!" Lola cheered.

The crowd got excited.

"After we take a quick break! All those tricks really worked up a sweat." Lola said as she fanned herself with her hands. The crowd seemed fine with the idea and they separated again.

"Excellent! We'll be back in 10 minutes!" Lola said. Without saying anything else,she ran towards the nearest cafe and approached the counter.

"Miss Lola! Fancy seeing you here! That performance outside was amazing!" The one behind the counter said.

"Yeah! Thank you. Uhh...can i use the restrooms?" Lola whispered the last part.

"Oh. Yeah,sure. You can use the employees one if you need some extra privacy." The worker said.

"Oh. Thank you." Lola said,incredibly happy that he had offered. That was a main drawback of being well known; sometimes it was difficult to get privacy. So using the public bathroom seemed like a bad idea.

"No problem! Thanks again for agreeing to perform for us! Business has been booming ever since you started performing here."

"Happy to be of service. Now if you excuse me." Lola said. Before the one behind the counter knew it,the clown was gone. Lola approached the bathroom and locked it. With no eyes on her now,she transformed her ARMS back into small hands and lifted the lid while hopping from one foot to another. She then undid her suspenders,causing her poofy pants to fall down and revealing her polka dotted panties. She quickly pulled those down and sat on the toilet.

Lola sighed with relief as she relaxed her muscles and let out a torrent of pee. She rested her back against the back of the toilet and closed her eyes for a bit.

"Ohhh...Perhaps that's a trick i might hold off on doing." Lola said to herself as she let out another sigh. Her stream continued until it came to a complete stop after a while. Lola reached for some toilet paper and used it to wipe herself. Then once that was done,she pulled up her clothes and flushed the toilet. After washing her hands,she returned to the center within a minute or two.

"Ah,you're back! What were you doing?" Biff asked.

"Nothing just...powdering my nose." Lola said with a smile and a blush.

"Couldn't you have done that here?" Biff said.

"Hey! A clown needs a little bit of privacy everyone once in a while." Lola said. She sat down and waited until the remaining minutes passed. Soon the crowd gathered around and started getting excited again.

"Sorry for the hold up everyone! I hope you guys are ready! I'm going all out for this encore!" Lola said. The crowd went wild,making Lola's smile shine even brighter.

