Animal Crossing: Desperate Horizons (Female Villager)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-04-30 10:28

"This is your captain! We will be landing to the deserted island soon,please prepare for landing!" The voice in the intercom said.

Claire opened her eyes and looked out of the window. She had a nice view of the clouds that floated past her and the sea below. and somewhere on that sea,was a deserted island that she was going to move to. After several years of living in a small town and after having visited Tortimer Island multiple times,she decided she wanted to move to an island herself. She looked around to see all the other animals that were on the plane with her. Clair sat more upright and felt a sudden twinge in her body. She had been in the plane for several hours and she had drank a few cups of vacation juice during the flight. At some point during the flight,she fell asleep and was suddenly woken up by the voice of the intercom.

"I repeat! We're about to land. Return to your seat to the upright position and make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened!" The voice said. Claire sighed and fastened her seatbelt. She crossed her legs and closed her eyes again.

"It's fine...we're about to land. i'll just use the bathroom when reach the island." Claire thought. All the other villagers went back to their seats and waited for the plane to land.

###

The plane had finally landed and Claire (along with the other villagers) was currently making their way through the Dodo Airlines hallway to pick up their luggage.

"Where are the bathrooms in the place....?" Claire thought as she looked around the hallway. There's was no door in sight. not even a sign.

"come to think of it,the building looked pretty small from the outside. DO they have a bathroom in here?" Claire asked herself. She went entered the lobby of the building and picked up her stuff. She looked around and the other villagers exiting the building. Claire shook her head and followed them.

"I guess i'll have to hold it for a bit longer." Claire said. She exited the building and saw Timmy and Tommy,the young assistants of Tom Nook.

"We're here!" Timmy yelled with excitement. "Now i know you must be incredibly excited to explore your new island home,but i have one small request. Would you please join us for a short orientation session in the nearby plaza. Our fearless leader himself will be giving a small presentation, so i'd hate for you to miss it."

"Gosh,i hope they actually keep it short. i really need to pee." Claire said as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other. She and the other villagers followed to twins to the plaza of the island where Tom Nook was waiting.

"Okay. Is this everyone? let's see..." Tom Nook said as he started reading a list. Claire clutched her bag and looked around the plaza,trying her hardest to ignore all the pressure her bladder was sending her.

"Claire?" Tom Nook said.

"Oh uh..here!" Claire said her hand.

"Great,we're all here. Yes! Yes! Very good! Let's see,how shall i begin....oh of course! Welcome to your new island everyone! My name is Tom Nook and i'm the founder and president of Nook Inc. Yes,yes!"

Claire groaned and kept looking around. All she saw were trees and a bunch of weeds. no buildings in sight other than Nooks tent and Dodo Airlines.

"I guess i shouldn't be surprised,this IS a deserted island....Still,there's gotta be a bathroom around here somewhere...." Claire thought.

"Please collect your tent from Timmy and Tommy and choose a spot to place it." Tom Nook said,catching Claire's attention. All the other villagers lined up and grabbed their tents. Claire took hers and started looking for a spot to place it. At the same time,she used this as an opportunity to look around some more.

###

But the only thing that she saw were even more weeds,peach trees and a river that reminded her of how badly she needed to go. she eventually settled for a spot to the east of the island. She hadn't explored the north yet,but there was the aforementioned river in the way and there were no bridges she could cross to reach the other side. And she didn't want to jump and risk falling in the river. after setting up camp,Claire crossed her legs and looked around. She was getting pretty desperate now and the sound of the river did not help at all. Why couldn't Nook have placed a porta potty somewhere around here?

She returned to the plaza and told Tom Nook that she found a spot. However,the other villagers hadn't returned yet. So Tom Nook suggested she'd go help the other villagers find a spot. She obliged and went to look for the other Villagers. She then walked around with them and helped them choose a spot. Unfortunately for her,She had to constantly listen to the river that was always nearby. Thankfully,finding a spot for the villagers didn't prove to be to difficult,as they seemed to be fine with whatever spot she recommended. With that done,she decided to return to the plaza. She looked at the sky and by the looks of it,the sun was starting to set.

"Man..time sure flies..." Claire thought. She felt another twinge in her bladder,causing her to shove her hands between her legs.

"Please,let this all be over!" Claire thought as she walked quickly to the plaza.

###

"Excellent job everyone! With all of that,we can move on to more serious business....LIKE THROWING A ISLAND-WARMING PARTY!We will be needing some supplies first. and since we will all be living here together,this will be a good test of our teamwork!" Claire groaned.

"Why?! I just want to pee!" Claire thought. The looked at the trees and blushed. Looks like she was gonna have to do it behind one of those...

".......Meanwhile,Claire and i will be putting work in gathering firewood and some snacks! Claire,can you come here for a moment?" Claire nodded and nervously approached Tom.

"I think about...10 tree branches should do the trick. think you can also find Peaches for us while you're at it?" Claire just nodded and walked away from the plaza. She went up to a tree and started shaking it. However,rocking her body back and forth like that sent another wave of pressure through her body,causing her to briefly cross her legs and fidget a little. She looked on the ground and saw some peaches along with a few branches.

"At least this shouldn't take to long. just gotta do this for a few more trees and then it'll finally be over..." Claire said bent over to pick up the branches and fruit. And with that,she went up to another tree and shook it while trying to ignore her bladder. She picked up the food and the branches and then made her way back to the plaza. She approached Tom Nook and gave him all the stuff the picked up.

"Excellent job,Claire! I'll go make preparations!" Tom Nook said and headed to his tent. Claire walked away from the plaza with both her hands between her legs. Once she was far away from the plaza,she hid behind a tree and looked around to make sure to coast was clear. She unbuttoned her pants and she was just about to unzip when.....

"Hey! Uhh...Claire,right?"

"EEP!" Claire quickly crossed her legs and tugged her shirt down to try and hide the unbuttoned pants. She turned around to see Dizzy the elephant standing there.

"Oh uhh...Dizzy,what are you doing here?"

"I was just about to ask you that...." Dizzy said.

"Oh i was....just..uhh...looking at the weeds. Yeah,i couldn't help but notice all these weeds..." Claire said as she pointed at the weeds. She smiled nervously hoping that her excuse would work.

"Ah...yeah,someone really needs to clean this place up! I think i might do that tomorrow once i'm done setting up everything!" Dizzy said with a smile.

"Ahh...h-how nice..." Claire said nervously.

"Oh...looks like everyone is done,shall we go back?" Dizzy said. Claire nodded and followed the elephant back to the plaza. She may have been smiling now,but inside her head she was screaming.

###

It was now night time and a big campfire had been created in the middle of the plaza. After everything they've done,Tom nook thanked the villagers and asked them what they wanted to call the island. After discussing and voting,the everyone decided to go with Claire's idea: Peachville. Tom Nook smiled and placed his hand on claire's shoulder.

"Claire,since you've proven yourself by naming our island and since you've helped us with so much,i'd like to rely on you for other critical decisions we'll need to make on this island. I hereby name you the Resident Representative of Peachville!" Tom Nook said. This caught Claire off-guard,but she didn't really mind. The only thing that was bothering her right now was her bladder. the other villagers clapped and cheered for her.

"Claire,could you please say a word or two as the new spokesperson for your neighbors?" Tom asked.

"Uhh....."Claire tried to think,but her need to relieve herself made it very difficult to think...

"A...word or two?" Claire said with a grin. The other villagers laughed and clapped for her once again.

"Okay,with everything settled. it's been a big day,but it's getting late,so let's have a toast!" Tom said as he and the young nooks started handing out drinks made from the Peaches claire collected. Clairy crossed her legs and reluctantly took the drink.

"Without further ado...a toast! to Peachville and the happiness of its residents!"

"CHEERS!" Everyone raised their glasses and chugged down their drinks. Claire looked at her class and slowly moved it towards her mouth.

###

"GOTTAPEEGOTTAPEEGOTTAPEEGOTTAPEEGOTTAPEEGOTTAPEE!" Claire thought as she ran to her tent with her hands between her legs. That Peach drink had only filled her bladder even more and right now she was at her limit. She arrived at her tent and quickly went behind it. The sight of the river near it nearly made her lose control.

"I can't hold it! I gotta go now..!" Claire said as she quickly unbuttoned her shirt and looked around. Everyone else was still at the plaza celebrating,but Tom Nook had given her permission to go home and rest. She quickly yanked her pants and panties down and squatted. Almost immediately,she led out a spurt of urine. That spurt quickly turned into a powerful stream of piss. Claire gasped as she let her floodgates open,realising all the urine she had been holding for the entire day. A feeling of relief went through her body as her bladder started shrinking,causing her to let out a loud sigh.

"Aaaaaaaahhhh....Finally,Sweet relief...." Claire said to herself as her pee splattered against the grass below. She closed her eyes and relaxed her she continued emptying her bladder. She let out another sigh and looked at the moon.

"I can't believe i was able to hold it for the entire day...." the girl said to herself.

"Excuse me? Claire? Are you there?" Claire's eyes widened.

"Tom?"

"Oh? Are you behind the tent?" Tom nook said.

"Wait no,Don't-" Claire tried to stop Tom nook,but it was too late as she could see his shadow getting close.

"Miss Claire,i wanted to give you this.....Oh my!" Tom Nook said as his eyes widened.

"DON'T LOOK!" Claire yelled as she covered her butt. Tom Nook quickly backed away from the tent and waited. Claire covered her now-red face and waited for her bladder to be completely empty. After a few seconds,her stream had finally stopped. Claire stood up and shook her rear a little. There was nothing to wipe with and the idea of using weeds made her cringe a little. She pulled up her underwear,put her pants back on and zipped it. Tom nook turned around and saw Clairy approaching him with a blush on her face.

"I am SO sorry. i really needed to go and...." Tom Nook interrupted her and bowed.

"No, no, no. I have to apologise for this. We really should've placed some toilets around here before you and the other villagers showed up." Tom Nook said as he scratched his nose.

"Uh...i came here to give you this camping cot,you're gonna need something to lie down on,right?" Nook said as he gave her the cot. Claire took it and thanked Tom Nook.

"Once again,i'm sorry. I'll try to have some toilets transported here as fast as possible." Tom Nook said.

"Thanks...have a good night." Claire said. Tom Nook bowed and left the tent. Claire entered the tent and placed the camping cot down. after that,she unpacked some of her stuff and turned on her lamp. Once everything was settled,she laid down on her new camping cot and closed her eyes.

"Today was a stressful day. not how i wanted to start this new life. But hey..tomorrow is a new day." Claire said to herself as she slowly drifted to sleep.

