Summer tales of gravity falls

Author: omofan77

*000*2017-06-14 02:04

During summer in Gravity Falls, Dipper sat on the porch of the Mystery Shack, adding his notes to the journal. "The Summerween monster is a lot like No Face. I guess I should add a note how many times Mabel has seen Spirited Away. Let's see, I think this is the 82nd time." He added a note as Mabel came out. "Well, another wathching of Spirited Away done." She paused and felt a sudden need to pee. "Wow, 2 hours of sitting with drinks can make you go." Dipper watched her walk down the steps. "Where are you going?"

"This is the perfect chance to go to the bathroom outside like nature intended." She went into the woods. Dipper ran after her. "Mabel!"

In a secluded spot, Dipper caught up with her. "If you want to go outside, fine. But you shouldn't walk alone in these woods."

"Do you see anything around here?" asked Mabel. Dipper didn't. He sat down and continued writing. Mabel chose a tree to her liking and lowered her skirt and panties and crouched down, peeing onto the grass. Then she tried to stand. "Look, I'm Dipper, Dipper!" Dipper looked up in time to see Mabel trying to hold her vagina and fall over. "Mabel, haven't you learned that standing is for boys?"

"Then show me. It's been a while. Come on, we're family."

"Fine," said Dipper, marking his place in the journal. With Mabel by his side, Dipper lowered his shorts and underwear and aimed his penis, letting out a stream that arched and hit the tree. Mabel was amazed as usual. Dipper finished and dressed. "Well, now that that's done, let's head back."

Sometime later, Dipper was reading in the shop when Wendy came up and gave him a soda and ice cream sandwich as usual. Dipper once more tried to have a normal conversation with her, but became flustered as he always did, accidently mentioning his time with Mabel in the woods, trying to find something interesting to say about the day. Wendy seemed laid back about it. "That brings back memories of my youth with my brothers. We're a lumberjack family after all." Dipper seized the chance and tried to keep it going, barely able to ask if she had peed like Mabel did. To his surprise, Wendy answered as though it was the most basic question asked. "For quite a few years. My brothers showed off how they could stand and I couldn't every chance they got. Then I taught myself to stand. Boy, were they surprised."

"Mabel's been trying to stand like me for years," said Dipper. "Maybe I should help her with that," said Wendy, simply.

A little later, Wendy took Dipper outside. "I don't know about this," said Dipper. "Dude, I've got three brothers I saw do this my whole life. I'm sure you have nothing to hide. It's only fair since I'm teaching Mabel." The idea of seeing Wendy peeing was appealing to Dipper and felt this feeling overcome his own doubt. Wendy urged him on. "Unless you're afraid. Come on, show me, show me!"

"Alright," said Dipper. The two stood by a tree, standing side by side. The two exposed their privates and let out two streams onto the tree. Dipper couldn't help but admire the Wendy looked and the way she held her folds. "Now let's see if you can beat a girl standing," said Wendy. Her stream rose higher to her waist. Dipper did the same. "Fine, but I'm only giving you that since I'm taller," said Wendy. "Can you hit this spot this far back?" She stepped back, the stream becoming longer as it continued to hit the same spot. Dipper stood next to Wendy and pushed out his stream, but fell over. Wendy cheered. "Yes! Point for me!"

She took Dipper's hand and pulled him up.

"Come on, no hard feelings. Let's finish with something fun." They ended with crossing streams, Dipper's stream hitting the grass at Wendy's feet, while her stream hit the ground in front of Dipper. Wendy cleaned with leaves and dressed with Dipper. "Thanks for the fun, man. Let me know when you want to try again. I look forward to beating a boy at taking a leak standing again." She playfully pulled down Dipper's hat.

Wendy soon came upon Mabel once peeing outside. "Dude, you really should try standing if you're going to be outside like this," said Wendy. "I thought girls can't stand," said Mabel. "You'd be surprised," said Wendy. When Mabel agreed to let Wendy teach her, Wendy suggested Mabel remove her sweater to keep it dry. Then both girls exposed their privates and Mabel copied the way Wendy adjusted her folds and peed out a stream that arced at her waist for a few seconds before it lost control. "Good enough first try," said Wendy. "Keep it up and eventually be able to do this." Wendy made more adjustments to herself, sending her stream in different directions. Mabel was amazed. "It's like magic." She meant to try it. Wendy stopped her. "Whoa, dude, just stick with regular standing for now. Don't worry, once you get that down, we can move on to other moves. We have all summer." Mabel thanked her, and kept practicing on her own.

After Mabel finally got the hang of standing from Wendy, she invited Dipper to watch. Back in the woods, as Dipper stood, Mabel was standing beside him, skirt and panties at her ankles, holding her folds like Wendy did, and peeing out an arc as high as Dipper. "Look, I'm Dipper, Dipper!"

"Nice work, Mabel," said Dipper. "If only I could this years ago, we could have more fun than," said Mabel. "Come on," said Dipper. "Just sneaking outside to pee was fun enough."

"Even more fun when we went all the teacher's desk in school?"

"You did that. I wrote on the blackboard," said Dipper. "True. That was a funny messasge you wrote." After a pause, Mabel peed out a 3x3 grid. "Want to play tic-tac-toe?" Dipper peed out an X. "Hey, I want to Xs. Let me be X's," said Mabel. Dipper sighed and peed out an O. "Yay!" Mabel made an X. "Actually, I'm sorry, I changed my mind. I'll be Os." Dipper made an X. "Ok, you're going to hate me, but is X's still a posibility?" Dipper wrote out random symbols in annoyance. Mabel studied Dipper's work. "I don't think you're playing this right." After playing rock paper scissors where the winner chose which letter to use, they played a series of games of tic- tac- toe. The sun was setting when they went back. After sharing an awkward sibling hug, they settled down inside for their movie night. Mabel, of course, chose Spirited Away. This time, Dipper was able to enjoy it sitting with Mabel.

