Short Story - Desperate Annual Physical

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2024-03-29 10:20

My 14th writing in which the protagonist endures an annual doctor's visit while trying not to embarrass herself. Hope you enjoy!

_______

Mali [F] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; loves self-induced wettings and wettings caused by Yuta pulling the strings.

Yuta [M] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; loves to help in decision-making.

_______

I hope that tea earlier doesn't get in my way. Mali thought as she drove her way to her doctor's office for her yearly check-up. She was notorious for having horrible luck when her bladder gets pushed to its limits. She had multiple mugs of tea throughout her day and only one bathroom break when she woke up, but all was fine. I'll just go after I check in with the front desk. No risk, no wetness, plain and simple. That day, she wore semi-black jeans, a plain gray t-shirt, and some unimportant underwear.

"Hi, I have an appointment for Mali today with Dr. P."

The clerk scrolled on his computer. "Yep, got you right here, I'll let her know you're here!"

"Thank you!" Mali replied.

Right away, she scanned the waiting room for any hallways or doors that would lead to a bathroom. Ironically, she wasn't used to this clinic yet because she changed doctors only a few years ago. She found one door that said employees only, and a hallway that led to another that clearly led into the office space for the clerks. The only other door in the waiting room led to the doctor's office and exam rooms. She'd rather not barge in there and turned to double check around the entrance of the clinic before she got into the waiting room, though she didn't spot any on her way in. Then from behind her came a "Mali?"

She felt a ball of anxiety sink within her as she turned back around and forced a nonchalant smile. Because of her past experience, she subconsciously felt embarrassed asking for the restroom, even though she knew there was nothing strange about the question.

"Hi, how are you today?" she greeted and followed the doctor back and over to the exam room. On the way, she passed a bathroom sign that taunted her circumstance. Her bladder sent distress signals as she passed, its golden contents letting her urethral muscles know it was preparing to come out. After all, so much tea would naturally have this effect, and Mali would usually have gone before this point.

They had their typical catching-up conversation about Mali's general well-being. Mali seemed to the doctor to be in good health. Meanwhile, she felt like anything but in good health. She felt a mix of nervousness in concealment, excitement and other conflicting emotions as she kept a straight face through discomfort. She had a gut-feeling this could end horribly.

"Well now with that out of the way why don't you get into the gown while I step out for a moment."

"Sure..."

"Knock when you're ready. I'll be right outdoors," Dr. P said as she exited the room.

Mali took her chance to squirm around and let out some tension that was built up. It snuck up so quick! She tucked her hands between her legs rubbing them impatiently. How do I escape total humiliation?! She knew she couldn't leave, and she knew that it was only going to get critically worse in a matter of minutes. There was almost no chance of her relieving herself outside of this room. She looked around for options. First she looked at the sink. It was entirely metallic, and had a perfectly arched spout over the top of it.

It was deep for a sink, but not very wide or long. Skittishly, while tightening every muscle in her groin, she tried positioning herself over the sink so she could let go right down the drain. To her dismay, she couldn't arrange herself in a way she could be confident that her stream would make it in. In the off chance it might, it could easily spill onto the surrounding counter, or, worse, make a loud spraying noise that wasn't at all like how the regular water flow sounded like. It's too risky of a plan.

*dripdripdripdrip*

"iieeughaahh?!~" She let out a confused but worried noise that was irreplicable. A coin sized area on the bottom of her already dark jeans turned pitch black as Mali's lower half stiffened, still on the counter. All the thinking about water...it's getting to me. Shit. But what else could I do? I might just have to...hope it all goes in quietly. She cringed at the thought.

But wait. Maybe there is hope. She leaves to input test results after the exam right? She's not around the door at that time. Maybe I could sneak away. Maybe I could backtrack to wherever that bathroom is. It may be far, but it may be possible. As she took off her clothes, the wet spot was exposed to air, sending jitters through her nervous system. She quickly draped herself in the hospital gown and set her mind at ease in preparation. She knocked, and the doctor came in as she sat up on the bed.

The exam began with the ear, eye and mouth checks. The doctor then tried for reflexes.

"Try not to be so tense. The knee won't go anywhere if I hit the joint and it's all tightened up!" the doctor told. "And be a little more still if you could please."

Mali's legs tried relaxing, then tightening again, to relaxing one and squeezing one under the other for stability. "Sorry."

"No worries at all! ... There we go, it's kicking now. Other leg..."

Mali noticed as she was using all these instruments that they were coated in plastic before she used them, and that she was tossing them under the bed somewhere. A trash can! Mali's heartrate jumped up a notch with the revelation. She trembled more in response. Dr. P moved onto the heart & lung exam.

"Deep breaths in now."

They were quick, but they were deep. The doctor caught onto this.

"Why so amped up? Is something troubling you?"

"N-no, no it's nothing it's just.........I'm a little cold in this, haha," she told her.

"Oh, I get it then! The A/C has been really high lately hasn't it?"

Following was the breast exam, which passed with Mali lying down, the doctor performing the check, and nothing noteworthy happening besides Mali being incredibly tense during the whole process. She also was working up a small sweat. Her pelvis felt immense pressure as her urine began creeping into the base of her urethra. She had very little time left, but remained strong.

"Now do you need a pelvic exam done today? I know we had one done last year. Has anything arisen since then that you need me to take a look at?" the doctor asked.

Mali had a slight look of worry written in her initial expression, but was quickly dispelled. "No I think everything's alright."

"Ok. Do let me know if anything concerns you though, alright?"

"...O-of course."

The doctor turned away and headed for her laptop situated on the counter, opposite side of the room of the bed. Mali sat up and in a split instant felt her urethra fill to and past max capacity. She quickly made a barricade with her hands and legs over the top of the gown-

*sshHHT spurt spurt*

"Hm? Did you say something?" the doctor turned back.

"Nothing. Nothing at all," Mali said through strained breath.

"Hm. I definitely heard something. Might've been a sink from a room over."

A pocket of hot liquid gold was barely suspended in motion within the flexible gown right between her pussy and hands. Slowly it leaked drop by drop through her legs under the gown, and slowly she brought her knees together in the best effort she had to stay under the radar.

"Well let me know if you have any questions when I get back running your results through."

"T-thank you," she muttered as she felt streaks down the underside of her legs and knees. As the doctor exited, they turned to dripping streams down and onto the floor. She left. Mali slid off the bed. A splash fell from under her and coated her feet and ankles as well as the surrounding base of the bed.

*dribble dribble*

Continuous drops flowed down the same path. She reached under the gown and over her pussy as 2nd nature to prevent the flow. The back of the gown was dripping. She reached over to the drawer with the trash can, took it out, and stumbled over to the furthest corner from the door with two hands on it and squatted.

*PSSHSHSHSHSHSH-*

She tried adjusting so the cheap plastic lining of the small can would be quieter.

*SHSHShshssssssssssssssssflllllll-*

The bottom formed a pool which seemed to dampen the sound her stream made. This carried on at high power for 30 seconds, after which another 30 seconds was dedicated to the trickling leakage left behind. Her butt and thighs continued to drip and become cool. Mali then came to her senses. Oh SHIT I have to clean up!!! And the odor, they'll notice something!!!

She grabbed the paper towel from the standby dispenser and wiped herself, the floor, and everything up as quickly yet thoroughly as possible, and tossed them into the pee bag. Oh god, that's not gonna hold... She went fast and removed the bag from the can, being careful not to make any sudden movements, and grabbed another bag from the miniature roll of bags at the bottom of the can. That too was soaked. She double bagged it and tied it up to keep the odor from getting everywhere, even though it practically already was. Back into the drawer it went, and Mali quickly re-wiped the ground and gown with water, put her clothes back on, and tucked up the gown neatly to be disposed of inconspicuously.

1 minute later, the doctor returned with her final remarks. She noticed something off with the room but wasn't equipped with saying what it was. It smelled damp but herbal at the same time. They said their goodbyes, and Mali removed the bag and walked with it hidden by her from any office employees, into the bathroom, where she dumped it in the porcelain throne where it belonged. Going home, she contemplated exactly how embarrassing it would've been to ask for two minutes when she walked down that hall the first time. Dr. P was nice, she would've understood, dumbass. she thought to herself.

_______

Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed. I had a blast writing this one! If you'd like to see Mali return in other omo situations, please consider checking out my previous works, or leaving an idea of your own in the replies which may develop into it's own story!

