Subspace Desperation (Samus)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-01-31 20:45

$$

Samus fired a missile at a R.O.B. Unit and destroyed it.

The explosion that occurred from it cleared up and revealed Pikachu.

The Pokémon cheered and hopped onto Samus' shoulders.

"Looks like we're done here..." Samus said as she let go off her Arm cannon.

The bounty hunter and the electricity Pokémon then made their way to an elevator and selected a floor.

The elevator gates closed and Samus and Pikachu leaned back and relaxed.

Samus shifted a little bit.

Just 2 hours ago,She helped Pikachu break free from a generator. And one how later,she found her power suit.

She and the Pokemon have been doing nothing but fighting R.O.B. Units in those hours.

Now that she was standing still,Samus could feel how full her bladder was.

Samus was used to holding it for long periods of time. But she hasn't gotten the chance to use the ladies room since she entered the factory.

She was thinking about trying to find a bathroom,but doing that in the factory of an enemy seemed like a bad idea.

She stood upright again and prepared her arm cannon as she waited for the elevator to open.

Pikachu took a few steps towards the door and let out some electricity from his cheeks.

While Samus stood still and braced herself.

With how full her bladder was,one bad hit might be all it takes for her to let loose.

Once the elevator opened,there was a squad of R.O.B. Units standing in front of them.

One of the R.O.B. Shot a laser,But samus jumped out of the way and kicked the R.O.B. Away.

She then sweep kicked the other R.O.B.s while Pikachu shocked them with Thunder jolt.

Samus turned around and immediately ducked for an incoming missile.

She stood back upright,but could feel a slighty twinge in her bladder.

The R.O.B. Another missile.

Pikachu stopped in front of her and destroyed the missiles with electricity.

He then used quick attack to zip towards the R.O.B.

Samus stood still and tried to keep her bladder under control as she started charging up a shot.

Once the shot was fully charged,she fired it at the R.O.B. And destroyed it.

Pikachu then hopped back on Samus' shoulder,Causing her to feel another twinge in her bladder.

"Pika.....chu?"

Samus just looked at Pikachu and gave him a thumbs up.

The two then kept walking,with Samus feeling the pain in her bladder with each each step.

She decided it would be for the best if she did it in a nearby room,as she was very close to her limit.

She saw a door right next to her that seemed to lead to a storage room.

As she prepared to open the door,she was struck in the back by a missile.

Samus reached for the door and leaned against it to regain her balance.

She squeezed her legs and placed a hand between them.

Thankfully,it seems nothing managed to escape.

She turned around to see that Pikachu was approaching the R.O.B. That fired at her.

Samus hesitated for a bit and then made a dash towards the R.O.B.

Pikachu struck the R.O.B. With his tail,But the R.O.B. barely flinched and grabbed pikachu.

Pikachu started to panic as the R.O.B. prepared to shoot another missile.

However,Samus bashed the R.O.B. With her arm cannon and then blasted it with her flamethrower.

She then transformed into her morph ball form and dropped a bomb on the Unit,Causing it to explode.

Samus then got up and tried to keep her bladder under control.

She looked back and saw Pikachu cheering for her,wich made her smile briefly through the pain she was feeling.

Now being at her limit,Samus quickly entered the storage room with Pikachu.

She then shut the door as Pikachu looked around in confusion.

Samus looked at all the stuff that was in the room and then at Pikachu.

"Pikachu. Would you mind guarding the door? I need to...relieve myself..." Samus said While hesitating with the last two words.

Pikachu had a concerned look on his face,but then nodded as he walked towards the door.

Samus hid behind some of the stuff and pressed a button on her suit.

The suit then turned into a hologram and disappeared.

Now Samus was standing there in nothing but her underwear.

$$

She then looked around one last time and pulled down her panties.

Once they were down,she squatted and relaxed.

One second later,a strong stream jetted out of her.

"Ahhhh...."

Samus sighed with relief as all the urine she's been holding left her bladder.

Samus opened her eyes as she felt all the pressure leaving her body.

She looked down at the puddle that was slowly growing below her.

Samus smiled as she let out another sigh. She had to relieve herself often during missions,so this wasn't something new to her.

Samus could feel stream weakening until nothing but a couple of drops escaped.

She then got up and pulled her panties back up.

She didn't have anything to wipe with.But that didn't bother her that much since,again,this wasn't the first time she did this.

She then pressed a button on her watch and the hologram of her suit appeared around her.

The hologram then transformed into a real suit.

Now that Samus was back in her power suit,she came out of her hiding spot while Pikachu was standing in front of the door with electricity coming out of his cheeks.

Samus crouched down and petted Pikachu.

Pikachu cheered again and got on Samus' shoulder.

With all the pressure gone,she prepared her arm cannon and opened to storage room to see more R.O.B. Units approaching her.

She and Pikachu then jumped at them and prepared to fight them.

