A short break for Paya (Breath of the wild)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-07-18 09:51

(Another short story. I've been wanting to do one with Paya for a while now. She's one of my favorite Breath of the Wild characters..)

"So uhh....as you know. M-My name is Paya and uh...well." Paya tried to think of something else to say. Standing front of her was the Hero of Hyrule: Link. And he was just as wonderful as he was in the stories she heard from Impa. So much so that Paya never knew what to say when he was here. And now that he was trying to get to know her better,she was struggling to find words.

"I uhh..My parents gave me that name because...uhh...I have a birthmark. That looks like a Papaya seed." Paya said,averting eye contact from the champion of Hyrule. Her face turned completely red upon hearing what he said next.

"Y-You want to know where it is?!" Paya asked. The spot was an embarrassing one. Nobody other than her grandmother and her parents knew it and she honestly didn't want link to know either. But she wasn't sure what else she could reveal about herself.

"It's umm....It's on....It-it's.." Paya stuttered. She was being incredibly fidgety and her face was even more red than before.

"Uhh...Master Link?" Impa intervened. "Don't you have someone you should be doing right now?" Paya let out a sigh and her face returned to its original color. Link had a sheepish smile on his face and waved Paya goodbye.

"I'n sorry...i-i promise i'll tell you it one day." Paya said. Although she was unsure if she was actually gonna do that. Link nodded and bid the two goodbye before leaving. Paya sighed and crossed her legs.

"*Sigh* why do i keep getting so exhausted when i talk to people? I wish i was more confident." Paya said.

"I'm sure he'll be visit again soon. You'll have more chances to get to know him better dear." Impa said.

"Y-Yeah." Paya said while rubbing her legs together.

"But now that he's gone,You can safely use the bathroom." Impa said with a smile.

"H-Huh?!" Paya froze. Her legs still being crossed.

"You've been acting a lot more nervous than usual and you seemed to be having trouble standing still while talking to him." Impa said. Paya's face slowly turned red again.

"So....Will you take a break? Or are you planning to push past your limits?" Impa asked.

"N-No. I'll uhh..." Paya pointed upstairs and backed away from Impa. She took a few steps on the stairs and then made a mad dash to the higher floor. Impa sighed and went back to meditating.

Paya reached the top floor and stopped to put her hands between her legs. She had nearly tripped upon reaching the top and her bladder had nearly released all of its contents because of it. Paya gritted her teeth and whined. If it was that obvious that she had to go,then it looks like she had a lot more to work on than she thought. Now she was starting to wonder if Link had noticed too. But another signal from her bladder quickly pulled her out of her train of thought.

She approached the bathroom door and hastily undid the belt on her jacket. She then dropped her jacked and ran towards the bathroom with her hands between her legs. She turned around and gently shut the door. She turned around and saw what most Sheikah used as a toilet. A hole in the floor with water in it,surrounded by planks of wood. With one plank standing upright and having a pipe right under it. Paya quickly leaped towards the toilet and hastily lifted her shirt to pull down her thighs and panties. In one swift motion,she yanked both of them down,revealing the Papaya seed-shaped birthmark on her left buttcheek. She crouched and spread her legs until her butt was hovering a few inches above the toilet. She couldn't hold it anymore.

"Ah......Ahhhhhhh...." Paya moaned as she released a powerful stream of urine. Her stream splattered against the wooden plank and it slowly slid down the plank until it landed in the water. A red blush appeared on Paya's face. Not from embarrassment,but from relief. She closed her eyes and relaxed as she let out everything that she had been holding.

"Haaah...that was way to close. i was worried i was gonna wet myself...in front of Master Link." Paya said,with her face turning even redder at the thought. She sighed and closed her eyes. The room was completely silent aside from the sound of her urine splattering in the water. The feeling of euphoria slowly disappeared and Paya was left there waiting for the stream to end. Soon,only a few drops came out until it eventually completely stopped. Paya reached for some toilet paper and then used it to wipe herself clean. She then tossed the paper in a nearby bin and went to wash her hands.

"*Sigh* i really need to work on this. How can i be a good Sheikah with such a weak bladder?" She asked herself.

