Friday Night Pissin` (Girlfriend)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-04-23 12:59

This story was suggested by @Queso

. i hope you like it.

$$

"I'm glad we could out tonight,sweetie." The Girlfriend said to her Boyfriend,who simply nodded and smiled. The two lovebirds were making their way through the city for their date. These two had been dating for a few weeks now and things were going pretty well.

"You wouldn't believe how obnoxious the past few weeks have been. My dad was REALLY against us going out again. i keep telling him; I'm an adult. i can choose a boyfriend on my own..." Girlfriend ranted. Boyfriend scratched his cheek and smiled nervously. he grabbed girlfriends hand and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Aww...you're so sweet." Girlfriend said with a blush. "So....where are we going?"

The Boyfriend pulled out his phone and showed his girlfriend the Restaurant that was close by.

"Oh! That looks like a nice place! Alright! Let's go!" Girlfriend said. Boyfriend giggled and the couple soon started making their way to the restaurant. Girlfriend smiled. finally,some alone time with her lovely boyfriend. Without anyone bothering the two.

###

The couple arrived at the restaurant and sat down on a table.

"So...what will you be ordering sweetie?" Girlfriend asked. Boyfriend looked at the menu and pointed at the Pepperoni pizza.

"Ah. Pizza...Alright,i'll be taking the olive pizza and a cup of Dr. Pepper then..." Girlfriend said.

One of the waiters approached the table and took their orders. after a few minutes of waiting,their food arrived and the couple began to eat. Girlfriend took a sip from her cup as the Boyfriend told her about what he's been up to these past few weeks. Apparently,he's been practicing his rapping skills and has even come up with a few new songs. The Girlfriend ordered another cup of Dr. Pepper and asked her Boyfriend if she could hear one of the songs. The boyfriend happily obliged and started singing. The rest of the restaurant heard the singing and gathered around the table to see what was going on. Despite the fact that the only things coming out of his mouth were "Beeps" and "Boops",Both the Girlfriend and the crowd seemed to be enjoying the song. When the boyfriend was finished,the rest of the restaurant cheered him on and went back to their seats. Girlfriend finished drinking her Dr pepper and put her cup down.

"Wow...that was beautiful. You really are a wonderful singer...." Girlfriend said as she winked to her boyfriend. Boyfriend sat back down and ate the remaining pizza slices he had. While she was waiting for her boyfriend to finish,the Girlfriend began feeling the need to pee.

"Man,those soda's go through you really quickly..." Girlfriend thought. But that was no problem. they were in a restaurant. There's always a restroom in those.

"Hey babe? Excuse me for a minute. I need to use the restroom." Girlfriend got up from the table and went towards one of the employees to ask where the bathrooms were. The employee pointed to her left and the girlfriend thanked him. As girlfriend approached the restroom, her eyes widened. there was quite a line in front of the ladies room. They were all displaying various levels of desperation. a few were just standing still,some were shifting their weight and others had their hands between their legs. Girlfriend looked at the table were boyfriend was and saw that he was almost done with his pizza. Not wanting to keep him waiting,the Girlfriend decided to hold it in for now until they could find somewhere else to pee. Girlfriend returned to the table right as Boyfriend finished swallowing the last bit of pizza. He looked at his Girlfriend and smiled. Girlfriend smiled back and the two soon left the restaurant.

###

Unfortunately,the walk wasn't as pleasant as she was hoping. granted,that wasn't her boyfriend's fault. He had done a good job keeping her entertained with his stories while the two were walking. The problem was,the pressure in her bladder was getting stronger and stronger. She was starting to wonder if all those girls in the line had drunk the same Dr. Pepper she had drunk. Now the pressure was starting to become impossible to ignore.

"Hey,babe?" Boyfriend looked at her.

"Can we look for a bathroom?" Boyfriend looked confused and pointed in the direction they came from.

"Yeah,i uh..forgot to tell you. there was a line back there..i couldn't go." Boyfriend raised his eyebrows and nodded. he motioned her to follow him.

###

The couple soon started looking for a restroom for the girlfriend. Boyfriend pointed to a store and the girlfriend decided to check it out. They entered the store and looked left and right.

"There's doesn't seem to be a bathroom here,babe..." girlfriend said. The boyfriend approached the person at the counter and started talking to him. Girlfriend crossed her legs and waited for him to return. The boyfriend came back with a worried look on his face.

"The bathroom they have here is for employees only? *sigh* figures...." girlfriend said. "Well..let's go look somewhere else..." The two exited the shop and continued looking.

###

The boyfriend stopped walking and looked around again. The girlfriend was standing behind him with her legs crossed. She brushed her hair and looked around with her boyfriend. So far they haven't had any luck finding a bathroom and girlfriend was starting to get very desperate now.

"Babe...i don't think i can hold it for much longer..." Girlfriend briefly placed her hands between her legs. Boyfriend behind him and pointed to one of the buildings.

"We already checked there...." Boyfriend quickly pointed to the side of the building.

"You're...saying i should just..do it in an alley?" Boyfriend nodded. Girlfriend thought about it for a second. With how full her bladder was,she wasn't sure she could hold it until the date was over. She reluctantly agreed and followed her boyfriend to the alley.

"Just..stay there until i'm done,okay?" Boyfriend nodded and stood at the entrance of the alley. Girlfriend went further into the alley looking for a spot she could hide behind. She looked around and just as she was about to hike up her dress....

"HEY!!!!!"

Girlfriend yelped and let go of her skirt. She could the pressure in her bladder getting stronger so she quickly jammed her hands between her legs to stop herself from losing control. The boyfriend ran up to the girlfriend to check on her.

"Who's there?" The voice yelled. Girlfriend could hear footsteps getting louder and louder until a man with a bomb for a face came out of the shadows.

"Oh...it's you two..."

Girlfriend crossed her arms and looked at boyfriend,who was looking at the man with anger.

"What are you two doing here?"

"Oh nothing..i just....wanted to take a stroll here with my BF..." Girlfriend said with a nervous smile.

"Riiiiiight...well can you two leave? i don't want anyone knowing i'm here...."

Boyfriend was about to protest,but Girlfriend quickly shut him up.

"Y-Yeah...of course...sorry to bother you..." Girlfriend said as she pushed her boyfriend out of the alley.

###

The couple were now walking around in a park. Boyfriend was still looking around while Girlfriend was lagging behind him with her hands between her legs.

"Eeep!"

Boyfriend turned around and looked at her....

"Babe...i need a restroom,now!" Girlfriend said. She could feel a wet patch in her panties. Boyfriend looked around and saw another building. he pointed towards it and looked at his girlfriend.

"Ahh..please let there be one there! i can't hold it anymore!" Girlfriend whined.

The two speed walked towards the building and after about a minute,they arrived at the entrance. they entered the building and saw a girl up ahead talking on her phone. She was wearing a nun dress. She put her phone away and approached the couple.

"Greetings,sorry for the inconvenience. You may call me sarv...Are you two interested in joining the church?" She asked. Girlfriend sweated and replied...

"No,sorry...Me and My boyfriend are just looking for a bathroom" Girlfriend said while hopping from one foot to another.

"Oh come on! You two should join. It's a pretty good place. here,let me show you why..."

"No,i'm sorry. But do you guys have a bathroom here? i REALLY need to go!" Girlfriend said.

"*Sigh*...it's always the same. people only come here to make fun of us or to use the restroom...." The nun looked at the two.

"Fine....I'll let you use the restroom. on one condition. You have to sing along with me!"

"What? But i really need to go!" Girlfriend said as she started doing a potty dance.

"Sorry...but you have to do it if you wish to relieve yourself here." Girlfriend looked at her boyfriend. Boyfriend nodded and girlfriend sighed.

"If this is the only way...." Girlfriend sad down and crossed her legs while keeping her hands on her bladder.

"C'mon,babe. You can do it..." Girlfriend whispered.

The nun grabbed stepped back and started singing. Her started twirling around while letting out a noise that sounded slightly like a pipe organ. She approached the boyfriend and sang about how great the the church was and how blessed she was that she was allowed to work there. She then approached girlfriend and started singing to her while trying to tell her that she would make for a great nun. But girlfriend wasn't really listening. all she could think about right now is her need to pee. Boyfriend approached the girl and started singing back to her. Like the rap battle at the restaurant,his voice sounded like beeps and boops. And yet the Nun seemed surprised. Those beeps and boops still sounded pretty good. Girlfriend stared at her boyfriend with a smile,she never got tired of hearing her lovely Boyfriend sing these wonderful songs. it almost made her forget about her need to go...

Until she felt another spurt escape from her bladder. She crossed her legs tighter and groaned. Boyfriend stepped back and started urging the nun to let the girlfriend use the restroom. But the nun continued to singing about how great the church was,much to the girlfriends frustration.

"C'mon. i'm at my limit...girlfriend said as she kept shifting in her seat. The boyfriend then sang back to her. he let out a couple of small beeps before letting out a long boooooooooooop....

This seemed to catch the nun of guard. The nun then sang another line,but Boyfriend responded with another beep. She sung again and boyfriend responded with another beep. The two kept doing this back and forth all while Girlfriend was struggling to hold in her pee. She gritted her teeth and closed her eyes. That's when she felt another spurt escape from her bladder. The girlfriend let out a moan,wich caught the boyfriends attention. The boyfriend then looked at nun and let out another long boop,before finishing it with a "Bop beep skdoo!" The nun remained silent for a bit.

"Well...i'm impressed. You have a very good singing voice. are you sure you don't want to join the church? You'd make for a-" Boyfriend interrupted the nun and then pointed at the girlfriend who was now potty dancing.

"*Sigh* Very well...You may use our restroom. It's over here..." The nun said,motioning girlfriend the girlfriend to follow her. The girlfriend waddled right behind her with both her hands between her legs. the two arrived at a door and the nun opened it. Girlfriend stood still for a second before running into the restroom. She entered the closest stall and closed the door without locking it. She hastily lifted her dress and pulled down her wet red panties. She turned around and sat on the toilet. She couldn't hold it in any longer and let out a powerful stream of urine. Girlfriend started panting as she finally lost all control of her bladder. A feeling of relief went through her body,causing her to lower her shoulder and let out a loud sigh. she closed her eyes and her mouth hung open as she listened to the sound of her pee making contact with the toilet bowl.

"Finally.....i feel so much better...." Girlfriend said with bliss. She let out another sigh as she continued to empty her bladder. half a minute had passed and her stream was getting weaker. Girlfriend leaned forward and reached for the toilet paper. But then released something. She looked down and the patch on her panties was bigger than she thought. She sighed and pulled her hand back. looks like she was gonna have to deal with having wet panties until she could get home. She pulled up her panties and shivered a little. she then flushed the toilet and exited the stall to go wash her hands.

Meanwhile,her Boyfriend was outside of the restroom waiting for her to finish.

"Once again....you have a great singing voice and that girl looks pretty beautiful. are you sure you two don't wish to join? it's greater than it looks!" the nun said. Boyfriend simply shook his head. Right then,Girlfriend exited the restrooms with a much more relaxed expression on her face.

"Thanks for letting me use your restroom. I barely made it..." Girlfriend said. She then grabbed her boyfriends hand and left the church. The nun just crossed her arms and pouted.

Moments later,the couple were away from the church. The girlfriend looked at her boyfriend and packed him on the cheek. The boyfriend felt his cheek and blushed.

"I love you so much...." Girlfriend said with a smile.

"Beep Boop..." The boyfriend replied with a smile. He warped his arms around her and their faces slowly inched closer to each other until their lips touched....

*002*2021-04-23 20:23

{{1 hour ago, FUBOT said:

Fun idea, and a great time to put out this story. Good work, seems you like the focus on the struggle and just barely making it, lol.

}}

Yeah,those are my favorite aspects of this kink.

Thanks

*005*2021-04-24 17:35

{{1 hour ago, TenshiDrop said:

Very good fic! I liked the wholesome aspect of it as well as the kinky parts.

}}

Thanks

