Valerie 23 - Caribbean

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-11-23 09:49

Peter looked appreciatively at his rear view of Angela, her favourite teal-coloured one-piece swimsuit showing her curvaceous silhouette off to perfection against the deep blue Caribbean sky. She was jigging restlessly from foot to foot whilst cooking food on the poolside barbecue. How long, he wondered, was it since she had last had a pee?

###

For more than a year Peter and his firm had been working on a property development project, painstakingly putting together a consortium of banks and construction companies who had then sought to increase their profits by cutting him out of the final deal. They had no legal justification - the contracts were perfectly clear on that - it was a straightforward case of bullying and intimidation by large companies of what they had imagined was a small business that would be too weak to fight back.

They had picked the wrong man. Ignoring the consortium's invitation to re-negotiate his contract, Peter had instead hired a top City law firm with a formidable reputation for aggressive litigation. This had involved Peter in many more months of preparing and exchanging complex and detailed legal submissions, all on top of the usual workload of running a business. And Peter was playing for high stakes. If he lost, his firm would not survive.

Just a couple of days ago, literally on the steps of the Royal Courts of Justice, the other side had capitulated with an out-of-court settlement that had given Peter's firm everything it was owed.

As soon as the legal dispute was resolved Sandra, Peter's PA, called Angela to say that she thought Peter was badly in need of a complete break. Her call only served to confirm Angela's increasing concern that months of stress and overwork had left her husband physically and mentally exhausted. On top of everything else, he had had to deal with his father's recent death. Peter, she decided, was going to have two weeks of complete rest and recuperation whether he wanted to or not.

Angela and Sandra were longstanding allies and Peter stood no chance against their combined forces. Sandra had cleared his diary with ruthless efficiency whilst Angela hit the internet until she found a villa on a Caribbean island that was available following a last-minute cancellation. She had booked business-class seats on a flight to St Lucia departing the following day.

###

Last night her exhausted husband had slept for twelve hours straight and had woken looking properly rested for the first time in months. Now Angela was determined to use the rest of the holiday to help Peter to recover his usual energy and zest for life.

And she had one or two ideas on how to achieve that.

After a breakfast of papaya, yogurt, orange juice and plenty of coffee, taken on the verandah with the cobalt blue Caribbean sea twinkling far below them, they had carried barbecue food, chilled white wine and bottles of mineral water down a long flight of steps through bougainvilleas, fuchsias and banana plants to the secluded swimming pool terrace cut into the hillside below the villa.

Lying in the warmth of the sun after a dip in the pool, Peter could already feel the tension beginning to leave his body. London, with its cold, its winter rain and its lawyers, already felt like another world and the pressure and stress of the last few months a half-remembered nightmare.

He was, he reflected, lucky to be married to a girl like Angela. In her mid 40s with three adult daughters she was still stunningly beautiful and, as he well knew, as hot as ever in bed. Not that he'd had much energy for sex recently.

Peter had always been turned on by Angela's casual attitude to wetting herself and he knew that she was unlikely to bother to go up to the house for a pee. When she wanted to, she would just do it in her swimsuit. So when she stood up, stretched and tied back her honey-blonde hair in a ponytail, he fully expected her to wet herself and was slightly disappointed when she just walked over to the barbecue and lit it.

Out of the corner of her eye, Angela saw Peter watching her. She knew exactly what he was thinking. He was thinking what she intended him to think. Even though she genuinely was bursting for a pee, she decided to tease him some more.

She jiggled about rather theatrically as she prepared the food for their lunch. Then she walked over to Peter, squatted down on her haunches by his side and rested her arms on her thighs, noticing with amusement that his trunks bulged in anticipation.

In a low, seductive voice Angela murmured "Instead of ogling me like a randy old goat, how about laying the table?" She stood up and walked back to tend her barbecue smiling to herself, hips swaying, swimsuit still perfectly dry.

Chuckling at the realisation that he'd been comprehensively fooled, Peter rose from his sun-lounger, followed her and gave her a playful slap on the rump. She squealed and turned around. He kissed her.

A smell of burning filled the air. With an unladylike expletive, Angela extricated herself from Peter's arms to rescue the charred corpse of a grouper fish from the barbecue and hastened to turn the other food before it, too started to burn. Watching her work, Peter noticed a small patch of wetness slowly appearing between her legs. A rivulet tracked its way down her thigh.

Completely unconcerned, Angela took cooked fish, chicken and prawn kebabs off the barbecue and started to arrange it on a serving dish. The wet patch on her swimsuit expanded slightly, a few droplets splashed on to the paving stones, forming a tiny puddle between her feet. She picked up the dish and carried it over the table, her movements tracked by a trail of drips.

Aware that Peter could not take his eyes off her, Angela kept up the pretence that nothing untoward was happening. She sat down at the table, poured two glasses of chilled white wine and raised her glass to Peter. "Here's to two weeks of complete rest and recuperation" she said.

"I'm, er, beginning to hope it won't be too restful" Peter replied, raising his glass in turn.

Angela looked serious - or at least tried to - as she piled chicken, grilled fish and a seafood kebab on to his plate. "Peter, I'm going to be treating you as an invalid for the next two weeks. Very quiet. No excitement. Nothing energetic." From under the table he heard something patter briefly on to the paving.

Well aware that he was being teased, Peter played along as they ate their meal. "I really think that I ought to try to find some sort of pastime whilst we're here, something to....stimulate me. Do you have any ideas?" He poured them both another glass of wine.

Angela frowned in concentration, sipping her wine. Again, that unexplained sound, rather like something trickling off the edge of a seat into a puddle beneath, quickly stopped. "Nothing comes to mind" she said eventually. She passed a bowl of fruit across the table to him.

"By the way" Peter said. "I noticed earlier that you looked as though you might need to go to the loo."

"Whatever gave you that idea?" Angela asked with an expression of wide-eyed innocence.

"Oh, nothing" he replied. "I'm sure you wouldn't want to have an accident in your swimsuit."

Angela gave him a smouldering look. "Its OK, Peter. It won't be an accident."

When they had finished their meal she stood up and walked to the edge of the pool terrace to look at the view across the bay, revealing a large, round patch of wetness on the rear of her swimsuit where she had slowly leaked over her seat. Peter walked up behind her, put his arms round her waist and nuzzled her neck, feeling the dampness against his shorts. He slid a hand down the front of her swimsuit and cupped the wet fabric between her legs. She leant back against him and relaxed. She peed into his hand.

She turned to face him, regarded him with solemn tenderness and, still wetting herself, gave him a long, slow, sensual kiss. A pool of pee formed around their bare feet.

"Welcome back" she said, taking him by the hand and leading him up the steps to the villa.

