Cyberpiss 2077: Panam and Judy's Urinary Awakenings

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2022-05-22 02:08

Beginning Note: As I previously mentioned, I was interested in making Panam and Judy stories (mainly due to them being top tier waifus), however I was having trouble because I was just getting into Cyberpunk. Before I write my real Cyberpunk 2077 saga, which will be even more ambitious and erotic than my Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy Saga, I wanted to create a little prologue to set it up so here goes. Warning: Lesbian subtext, real lesbian sex, and manipulaive sadomasochism. Last tag might be triggering so be cautious for anyone who’s had a sexually controlling/manipulative ex.

Panam Palmer: Desperation, Humiliation, Urination

Panam Palmer was currently getting hammered. Why? She had just gotten off an argument with Rogue, the older woman was a conniving and clever sly bitch the nomad begrudgingly admitted. Still, Panam prided herself on being a tough woman who almost never lost, and having just lost that argument resulted in that pride being shattered. Good rum and a drunken stupor would fix all those problems so she set out to do just that. This rather rash act would ultimately have consequences that set off an entire chain of events, however the good definitely outweighed the bad so it was worth it in her eyes. Currently however, the nomad didn’t know all of that, just that she was trying to enjoy a good time and some bozo was walking up to her.

“Hey there, Chica, having a good time?” the stranger questioned. He was large and muscular, with a good natured smile. Unfortunately he appeared to have intentions of hitting on her and it was getting rather tiring. She knew it was inevitable, considering she was quite beautiful. Her body was tan, slightly muscular, and had an hourglass figure, in addition she was tough as nails, making her quite desirable. However she wasn’t interested in any romantic relationships at the moment and while casual sex would have been an option for other people, Panam was a demisexual, meaning she was only romantically and sexually attracted to friends she was close with, something that the regulars knew quite well since she publicly announced it.

“Yeah until you ruined it.” Panam bluntly told him, hoping it would drive him off. It didn’t matter though because someone else came to save the day. “Move Jackie, you’re annoying her.” a raspy voice ordered as a slimmer and younger man entered, pushing him aside. Just like her, he stood out because he was almost kind of basic. Handsome and well dressed? Sure, but lacking any of the crazy fashion eccentricities that decorated the citizens of Night City. “You got it boss.” Jackie grinned and winked as he left the two. “Friend of yours?” Panam questioned in exasperation as she gestured for him to sit next to her. She admired his clean cut appearance, complete with black leather jacket and ripped jeans, which complimented her own. However, her jacket had the symbol of her nomad clan embroidered on the back while his was plain. “Yeah, but he’s a good guy, I swear. Annoying as all hell, sure. Don’t worry, he wasn’t going to hit on you.”

“Really.” Panam dryly noted.

“He’s been out of a serious relationship. Anything he would have tried, he’d shut it down himself rather quickly. He’s trying to get over it, but I don’t think he can.” the man continued. “Well, I’m still annoyed but he has my sympathies. My friend downstairs is going through something similar.”

“Judie?” Panam whipped her head up. She inwardly winced, her head started to shake from the sudden movement and even worse, all the rum was settling in her bladder and threatening to spill out. “You know her?”

“Well, my friend does.”

“He hit on her too?”

“Oh, you got it twisted. Jackie didn’t. Actually Evelyn told us to go hang out by ourselves while Valerie and Judy take care of business themselves.” Panam liked the gentleman so far and wanted to continue their conversation, however she needed to wrap it up or she’d wet herself in front of the entire bar, a nightmare she refused to live through. “Right, so Jackie’s your guy friend, Valerie’s your gal pal, and your name is?”

“Ah shit, I didn’t even introduce myself, sorry.” For a cool looking guy, her conversation partner seemed to get startled easily. Made sense considering he looked like he was in his early twenties.

“I’m Vincent, or V.”

“Ah, the Street Kid, huh? Pretty impressive career for a young one. Still, isn’t it past your curfew?” she teased. “Nice one.” V dryly complimented. She stood up and almost tripped, however he caught her like a gentleman. “Thanks.” she breathlessly expressed as she tried to contain herself. “Uh oh, I gotta get going. Jackie’s calling over for me.” ‘Thank God!’ Panam thanked internally, grateful she had a chance to break away. “Alright then, here’s my number.” she explained as she wrote it down and handed it to him. The two bid farewell and she stiffly walked, trying her best not to panic. Unfortunately for her, the line to the bathroom was long and just thinking about it made her bladder ache even more. She quickly texted Judy for help. While waiting she impatiently tapped her foot, growing more desperate by the minute as her desire to release the pent up liquid increased tenfold.

“Sup Choomba, you needed me for something?” a familiar and beautiful Spanish accent greeted. “Fuck!” Panam yelled and jumped at the interruption. To her mortification, the announcement had caused her to spurt some urine. The crotch of her jeans felt damp and had spread to her inner thighs, but thankfully stopped there. “Uh Panam, you alright? I thought you needed me for-oh…” Judy trailed off as she took notice of the baseball sized wet patch that had gathered at Panam’s crotch, which she covered with her hands while grimacing at the feeling of clutching her urine soaked jeans. “I’m so sorry Panam, I’ll get you cleaned up.”

“Thanks but that's just the beginning, there’s still more!”

“Really? Shit, how much more?”

“Niagara Falls.”

“Just my night.” Judy groaned. “Alright, follow me and stay close behind so no-one else can see.” Thanks. Can we move slower though? If I move too fast I’m gonna piss myself.”

“Haven't you already?” Judy replied with a teasing grin as the two carefully trekked to her Brain Dance basement. “Just help me out here dammit!”

“I am, I am! I promise.” They eventually arrived, with the flight down the stairs having made Panam leak even more although Judy had the good grace not to say anything. They weren’t alone however, Evelyn and some other woman were there as well conversing about something.

“Evelyn, Valerie, get out. We gotta take care of something.” ‘Valerie? Is that V’s other friend? Two Vs, why does that sound familiar?’ Panam didn’t have time to think about it as her bladder and genitals ached to release the rest of her pent up liquid. Valerie left without complaint while Evelyn winked at the two as she strode out. “I’m gonna get my basin, you just hold it in and take your stuff off?” Panam shrugged her jacket off and carefully placed it on the ground while Judy hurriedly grabbed a large plastic basin which already had a considerable amount of liquid in it. Panam wanted to comment on it, however it was the last thing on her mind compared to her desperation. “What the hell, you’re still dressed!”

“I can't move anymore, it’s gotten that bad. You’re just gonna have to do it.” the nomad explained with tears in her eyes, both at the delicious pain and at the humiliation of not already having wet her pants but also about to do the same again at a much greater extreme if her friend didn’t help her. “But I’m-”

“Judy I don’t care that you’re a lesbian and you’ll enjoy undressing me, I’m giving you permission so just help me out!” Judy nodded in understanding as she carefully unzipped the nomad’s jeans and tugged them down. Panam lifted her leg so Judy could remove her boot and pant leg, then did the same for her other leg. Now Panam’s pants and boots were off, but she still had on her green jumpsuit and underwear.

“You still wear panties underneath your jumpsuit? Now you can’t pull them to the side.” Judy admonished as she pulled the straps off Panam’s shoulder so she could pull them down as well, revealing the tan woman’s black bra and hard abs. Unfortunately when Panam lifted her leg again it caused her bladder to stretch to a painful extent squeezing more urine out of her tired bladder. “Fuck it, get back Judy!”

“Panam wait!” her friend protested. Oh, but she had and she was tired of waiting. The nomad instead gave in to the desire and moaned as she voided her bladder. Judy wanted to look away, however she was overcome with desire and stared as Panam sighed while rivers of urine soaked her panties and poured down her legs. Eventually she finished and sheepishly looked at her tattooed friend.

“Sorry you had to see that. Bet your attraction to me must be fried.” Judie blushed and looked down. “That’s what I was trying to warn you about, Choomba. I loved what I just saw, your wet jeans already turned me on but seeing you piss yourself in your underwear was too much. If only you had been naked.”

“Wait, seriously? You liked it?” Judy glared. “I know it sounds weird as fuck but don’t judge. Urination is sexy to me, both the feeling and watching someone else do it.”

“No, I-I understand a little.” Panam quickly explained. “I always wondered why I liked testing the limits of my iron bladder and learning different positions, now I know. Still, during sex? Seems kinda messy.”

“It is.” Judy bluntly answered. “How did you even discover it? I have to piss standing up all the time and hold it in since I do a lot of road travel in the desert, but you don’t have to worry about it at all.” the nomad questioned in disbelief.

“If you can believe it, Maiko was responsible for that discovery.”

“Shit Judy, I didn’t mean to-”

“Don’t worry about it, choomba. Take your panties off and clean yourself up as best you can while I empty the bin and get you clean clothes. Your unitard and jeans also got soaked as well. I’ll clean them up and you can pick them up tomorrow.”

“That’s sweet Judie, but don’t let me trouble you. I should clean up my own accident.”

“Maybe, but what I saw was hot as fuck, I’m going to masturbate to that for ages.” Panam chuckled as she peeled off her wet panties, exposing her thick bush. “Only if you can tell me a similar story so I get my own fantasy.” Judy grinned. “Deal. You’re gonna love this one.” she agreed as she left to take care of business while Panam wiped her thick black bush and brown fat cunt lips free of any excess urine. Eventually Judy returned with a black thong, skinny jeans and a white crop top which Panam accepted gratefully, enjoying the relief of wearing clean clothes.

Judy Alvarez x Maiko: Wet Ink, Wet Genitals

Judy Alvarez was a beautiful Hispanic woman. She may not have been the most sought after due to lacking Panam’s curvaceous and muscular body, as well as having unconventional physical features such as her numerous tattoos or green and pink hair cut in a bob with the left side shaved. However only a fool would deny arousal at Judy’s slim yet athletic build, with petite breasts, lean muscles, faintly hard abs, and an admittedly curvy ass. Even better, her face was adorable, with round doe eyes and pouty lips. Make no mistake, despite appearing soft Judy was tough as rusted nails and could be just as sharp if her temper was tested. Many men found out the hard way when she politely turned them down, only for them to keep trying. What part of she was a lesbian was hard to understand? Even then, women could be just as frustrating with their own complaints. Only one proved to be a worthy lover, and she was currently proving it.

“You like this?” Maiko Maeda questioned sensually, she was a Japanese woman with sharp eyes, full lips coated in cobalt, and a similarly slim yet hard body. Both were naked and in bed, engaged in rigorous sex. Judy had originally meant to just talk to her, which was stupid because who visited a doll for anything other than sex? However it was still an important topic, however it needed to be put on hold. Maiko had serviced a customer who had been completely unsatisfactory and needed to release her frustrations out, which Judy had been all too happy to oblige. However, Maiko was being even more rough than usual, pressing her hand down against her chest to the point of discomfort, and now they were tribbing at a pace too fast to be comfortable. Still, Judy loved Maiko too much to resist, and just wanted to service her to the best of her abilities.

“Fuck, it’s too much!” Judy cried. “Slow down baby.”

“Can’t…” Maiko replied restlessly, even speeding up her thrusts as she rode her lover. The Mox cringed as her labia and clit grew sore from the overstimulation, however she couldn’t deny the painful pleasure. With a wicked grin Maiko roughly ground her knee into Judy’s crotch, causing the tech girl to scream in pleasure.. Maiko gently kissed her full lips to restore some energy to the tattooed girl as they lay together in bed. “You did so well. You were such a good girl.” Maiko complimented as she tenderly stroked Judy’s thigh, her thin fingers lingering near her sweet spot. Unfortunately, the Mox was none too pleased. “Maiko, you can’t do that.”

“Do what? Fuck you into orgasmic bliss? Don’t act like you didn’t like it, especially after all the more…experimental activities we engaged in.” the doll slyly replied as she pinched Judy’s clit, causing her to hiss.

“See, even after totally being spent you still want more. Well I’ll be more than happy to oblige since you were such a splendid lover, my dear Judy.” Judy tried to pull her hand away but Maiko slipped one inside her snatch and curled it with a smirk. “Maiko stop it, I came for something important, remember?” the techie tried to dissuade, however the quivering of her voice made it clear she was already giving in. “Oh, right. Still, we can multitask. After all, it’s not fair I got to have all the fun.”

“What do you mean, I loved it, despite you not listening.” Judy protested as she squirmed, having trouble deciding if she was trying to get Maiko to remove her fingers or responding to her movements. After a particularly pleasurable curl she decided to go for the latter, lifting her hips up and clamping her lower lips harder around the doll’s digits.

“See, I knew you needed to be satisfied. I knew because you didn’t squirt. You're a wet lover, your cunt produces waterfalls when properly pleased.”

“Thanks Maiko, that makes me sound like a slut.” the techie replied sarcastically. “Not at all, I love seeing your cunt in action. Female ejaculation is a sign of true pleasure, something only women seem to really know how to achieve.” Maiko explained, still annoyed at how pathetic all the male customers were. Still, her girlfriend made up for all those chumps. “Anyway, tell me your problem.”

“Al-alright. Well, I wanted to get some more tattoos.”

“That’s it?” Maiko buntly questioned, unimpressed and even annoyed, thinking her lover was making extra drama over something so trivial. “On my more private parts…” Judy confirmed, her voice quivering as Maiko continued to pump and curl her digits. “Ah, I see. Keep going.” the doll replied with a wolfish grin.

“Well, I can’t trust a random to do it, I don’t want some idiots to mess up the ink cuz they’re too busy drooling over my body. I was thinking of Evelyn or Panam since they’re my best friends and I trust them, however that would be-ah-awkward.” the techie continued as she had fully given in to her desires. “Do you think-oh fuck yes…you know anyone here?”

“Oh Judy, don’t be coy. You want me to do it?” Maiko accused seductively as she flipped over to lay on her stomach, her hot breath tickling her lover’s genitals. “You know how to ink?”

“Yes, quite enough. I’ll be happy to tattoo your naked body. Give me the details.”

“Alright, um, two seahorses on my back.” Judy began to list off, feeling Maiko grasp her thin shoulders. “Here?”

“No, lower back, there. And, underneath my right breast I want ‘I refuse to submit’ in cursive, and a red spider web on my left breast.”

“You mean these fine tits?” her girlfriend questioned as she grasped said mounds, delicately tracing the petite curves and pinching the puckered pink nipple and areolas. “Yeah, that’s it.” Judy confirmed. “On the left side of my abdomen I want a shark with a turret, and underneath it the quote ‘We all come from the sea’.” she continued, Maiko feeling that area as well. “Then on my outer right thigh I want an owl clutching a pistol and above it the quote ‘Selfmade’. Then on my left thigh tattoo a wedding garter all around-fuck me!” Judy whimpered as her lover lay delicate kisses on her inner thigh. “You want me to tattoo that last bit?” Maiko chuckled. “Fuck you…” Judy whimpered unconvincingly. “You already did. Well actually, I fucked you but you were marvelous as always, dear. Is that all?”

“No, one last place. On my…pubic mound I want a little kitty skull and two paw prints.”

“I wouldn’t really call it a pubic mound, more like a Brazilian mound, not that I’m complaining. You sure you don’t want the pussy tat on your actual pussy?” Maiko questioned with a grin as she continued to rub Judy’s genitals, only to receive a glare in return.

“You’re so cute Judy. Alright, I’ll do it.”

“Really?! What’s the catch?”

“None, I got time off for tomorrow.” Judy was extremely excited, yet also suspicious. Maiko didn’t seem like the person who would be willing to do such a complex task for a long amount of time, even with nudity involved. The seductive glint in her eyes bordered on sadism, which only heightened the techie’s doubts. Still, she was also too excited and intrigued to care, and her suspicions were completely forgotten when Maiko bit at her clit. “SHIT!”

“No catch dear. Just be ready and do what I say tomorrow.”

“YES! THANK YOU!” Judy shrieked at the pleasure and grinded her crotch into Maiko’s face as she feasted on her labia. Soon she reached nirvana and cried as she squirted, Maiko greedily slurping the sweet liquid and it poured down her throat. Afterwards she sat up and went to the bathroom to grab some tissues, using one to dab at her lover’s tears and then wipe up any excess fluid. Noticing Judy was beginning to doze off, Maiko snapped her fingers repeatedly until the techie lazily blinked. “More? C’mon Maiko, I just want to sleep.”

“Then go take a piss, unless you want to wet the bed again.”

“Jesus Christ Maiko, why the hell would you bring that up?!” Judy snapped, blushing at the memory and pulling the covers up over her body. “I’ll stop mentioning how often you piss yourself when you actually earn it. Until then you’ll continue to be the Prissy Pissy Princess.”

“Don’t call me that.” Judy whispered, insulted. “But you are, how many times have I had to wipe you down after you wet your panties in public? How many times have I had to do laundry in the middle of the night because our bed sheets were soaked with your urine?” she listed off, enjoying her girlfriend’s growing shame. Maiko had relentlessly teased her in a similar manner a couple months ago when the Mox had indeed wet the bed after they both passed out from a night of successful lovemaking.

She had expected to be yelled at and maybe even dumped for such ungraceful behavior, however Maiko was uncharacteristically comforting, wiping her genitals just like when they had sex and even cleaning up her mess. That wasn’t the only accident, due to Judy’s small bladder, constant work schedule, disgust of public restrooms, and a desire to test her holding limits, she constantly wet herself in public and private. Thankfully, Maiko caught on pretty quick and would bring wet wipes and spare underwear whenever they went out together, along with being able to hide her lover’s condition from any wandering eyes.

In addition, she memorized her girlfriend’s signs of desperation and taught her girlfriend how to do kegels and urinate standing up to reduce the number of public accidents. While Maiko had been pretty understanding in all cases, lately she would bring up Judy’s accidents in a manner that seemed like teasing, but seemed to hide other intentions. Thankfully it wasn’t contempt or bullying judging by how she never ceased to be comforting or affectionate, however it was something major Judy couldn’t pick up on.

Case in point, Maiko yanked the covers off her lover and wrestled for dominance, trying to pick her up and haul Judy out of bed, while Judy struggled to get away from grasping hands. In the end, Maiko won by mounting her and tickling her lover’s abdomen. Judy’s eyes bulged in horror as she felt hands press on her bladder and she cringed when some urine trickled out. It wasn’t a whole lot, however if Maiko saw or felt it then she surely would have figured it out. Sure enough, she saw her lover’s eyes widen and she gently patted the techie’s genitals. Judy cringed in shame at the feeling of her lover recognizing she just urinated, and could only pray the awkwardness would die down soon enough and they could put it behind them.

“What’s this, Judy dear?” Maiko questioned as she waved and displayed her fingers dripping with urine. “It can’t be your arousal fluid, it’s not nearly sticky or viscous enough, not to mention the damp spot beneath your crotch is too big, even for your slutty ass. It can’t be your squirt either, I drank every last drop of it. I wonder if this tastes the same though…” she trailed off as she licked her fingers seductively. Judy stared in awe, forgetting what they were doing was taboo and just fascinated that Maiko was either very brave, very curious, or very aroused. “It’s certainly similar, at least you drink a lot of water. Still, I wonder what this mystery liquid could be.”

“I have no idea, but on an unrelated note I think I’ll hit the can.” Judy distactedly replied as she hurried to the bathroom, locking the door. Maiko pouted that she couldn't see the show, yet still satisfied at hearing the resonating sound of a continuous splash that could only be her lover’s urine stream hitting the toilet water. ‘Judy dear, I had no idea. We really do go hand in hand. All this time I thought you were just accident prone, when in reality you’re a practitioner of omorashi. There’s only one thing left I need in order to confirm it, tomorrow’s going to be even more arousing than I thought. Good luck Judy, you’re going to love what I have in store.’ Soon a flush was heard, along with the faucet. Eventually her girlfriend re-emerged and the two joined each other in the covers, sleeping away the exhaustion of another night well spent.

The next day Judy and Maiko arrived in the braindance basement. Maiko was wearing her usual dress, however Judy was clad in a blue and white checkered dress shirt and blue sport shorts (or as Maiko so appropriately nicknamed: Judy Booty shorts). Maiko had told her Mox girlfriend that she needed loose clothing to avoid rubbing on the tattoo ink which seemed appropriate enough, however Judy could tell Maiko also just loved seeing her scandalously clad, ignoring the fact that the braindance techie wore a crop top on the daily, not to mention the rigorous sex they engaged in. To her further confusion, Maiko had insisted that Judy had drunk a lot of water and coffee, saying it would keep her simulated for the tattooing process. She didn’t even understand the logic behind that one, but nonetheless followed through, patting her bladder to soothe the dull yet present urge to urinate. Maiko turned around with a grin.

“Alright dear, let’s begin. I’ll get the tattoo gun ready, you undress and lie down on the chair belly first so we can get your back started. I have the designs right here.”

“Thank you.” Judy murmured as she unbuttoned her dress shirt and shrugged off her shorts. Now she was completely nude, as she had forgone underwear to avoid having them rub off her wet tattoos. She lay down and sighed as her breasts squished against the table, thankful she was petite. Panam’s heaving set would undoubtedly be uncomfortably mashed were she in the same position. The mox whimpered as her lover brushed cold alcohol wipes against her lean back muscles. “Sorry dear, I know.” Maiko replied as she kissed the other girl’s cheek. Soon after that was the familiar whir of the tattoo gun and the accompanying sting burning into her back muscles, causing Judy to grit her teeth. Still, it wasn’t too painful and only took a couple of minutes. ‘Two seahorses stretched across my back done in two minutes? This won’t be so bad after all.’ Suddenly she cried at the sudden entry of Maiko’s fingers entering her labia lips.

“Fuck, seriously Maiko?!”

“Sorry Judy! It’s just so tempting, seeing your tush on display. Speaking of…” her lover trailed off as she squeezed Judy’s ass cheeks. “I’ll never get tired of doing this.”

“I-I appreciate how good you’re making me but this isn’t the time for this.”

“We need to wait for your back tats to dry so you can lie down comfortably. I can’t think of a better way to pass the time.”

“Fine, but nothing more.”

“Of course.” Maiko replied. Judy was facing the other way in her position so she couldn’t see the devilish smirk on her lover’s face. After some time had passed Maiko instructed Judy to lie on her back and spread her legs while she set up the chair into gynecological position. She did so, yet was shocked as she felt her wrists and ankles get bound to the chair’s armrests and stirrups. “Maiko what the fuck?!”

“Judy, you’re going to be tattooed in very sensitive places, this is for the best. Can’t have you jumping out and ruin inking your body.”

“Something tells me this isn’t protocol.” the mox snarked. “Maybe, but this is certainly more fun.”

“Fine, just continue.”

Maiko obliged, first drawing ink patterns on wet paper and applying them to Judy’s parts and winking whenever her partner uddered a shudder of delight at the contact. Once done, she removed them and snapped a photo of the bound and naked Mox decorated with purple ink on her sensitive areas. Once done, Maiko went to work, first etching burning ink onto Judy’s left breast. She hissed as the tattoo gun made its mark and stung a cobweb design onto her breast, expanding across the entirety of her mound. The left one felt similar punishment as “I refuse to submit” was tattooed on the underside. Maiko lovingly blew air to cool her lover off and felt pleased as she noticed both of Judy’s nipples harden in arousal.

Next she etched the shark design, her sadistic pleasure growing as Judy cried at the feeling of a large mass of ink etch itself on the left side of her abdomen. Once again, Maiko waited for the Mox to recover, satisfied that this most recent tattoo tested her bladder. She then moved on to Judy’s legs, first applying the owl design to the right thigh. That one wasn’t too difficult, however the real challenge (well, challenge for Judy, for Maiko it was a treat) was applying the wedding garter all around Judy’s left thigh. To her credit, the techie pushed through like a trooper, mewling in pain and pleasure the whole time. Maiko smiled and lovingly kissed Judy to revive her.

“This is it, love. You’ve been such a good girl. Think you can handle the finishing touch?”

“Yeah, but…fuck…I have to piss so bad.”

“It’s going to be alright Judy, just trust me on this one.” Under different circumstances Judy would’ve felt a shiver of fear at the sadism in Maiko’s eyes and immediately requested to be let go, however due to her impatience to finish her tattoos and void her bladder she nodded and braced herself. Maiko took deep breaths to prepare herself. This would finally help awaken Judy’s desires and unlock a whole new world for her. Then with hardened determination, she immediately tattooed the kitty skull and paws on Judy’s bare crotch.

“MAIKO!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUUUCK!!!” Judy shrieked with pain and pleasure, the sting caused her labia to pulse and she involuntary let out one final primal scream of agony and desire as she released, a large wet geyser sprayed out of her pussy and she gripped the hand rests while gyrating with torturous delight, causing her jet of piss to spray around even more. Maiko gladly drank what she could, however the sheer volume soaked her, the bed pan, and the floor. Soon it died down to spurts and dribbles, accompanied by Judy gasping at the unknown feeling of a masochistic uphoria washing over her entire body.

‘That…that bitch! I trusted her and she used me to get her sick kicks! Fuck…she made me orgasm through pain and pissing, how is that even possible?’ she internally wondered. After some time passed, Maiko got a towel to wash both of them up, lovingly attending Judy’s wet genitals and thighs. “There you go babe, hope you enjoyed it. This was all for you.” Maiko cooed. Judy patiently waited as Maiko continued to wipe her, then apply the tattoo paper to cover her tats. She even let herself get helped out of chair and wobbly avoided the puddle that had leaked onto the floor. Then she stormed off to collect her clothes.

“Hey, wait up. Not even a thank you? Come on Judy, I gave you free tats and rocked your world! I introduced you to omorashi, since you couldn’t bring yourself to.” Without a second thought, Judy forgot all about getting dressed and marched right up to Maiko, deeply kissing her. “Woah, now that’s more like-FUUCK!” she shrieked right back as Judy slammed her knee right up Maiko’s genitals.

“You see?! That’s what that felt like! That’s what it feels like everytime we have sex and you use my body beyond its limits, even when I beg you to slow down!” Judy yelled, pouring all the hurt as she yanked her shirt and shorts back on. “Judy, wait…” Maiko gasped. “You’re cleaning that mess up yourself. Then get the fuck out of my home.” the techie bluntly demanded as she stormed off. With luck, she could find Evelyn or Panam to comfort her, otherwise she’d have no choice but to either drink herself into a stupor or go back to Maiko. Thankfully she met Evelyn and tearfully admitted the bare minimum, thankful that Evelyn offered nothing but love, support and comfort. She was a true choomba, through and through.

“So that’s what happened…Judy I’m so sorry.” Panam replied with sadness. “When I get my hands on that cunt-”

“Don’t. Panam, you have no idea how happy those words make me, but I’ve moved on. Hurting Maiko would only bring back more damage and drama, not to mention it’d hurt me too. I still love her, even if she was a crazy bitch. Not to mention, in her own twisted way, she was trying to and did help me. “Judy…”

“Panam listen. I’m not forgiving her or pretending what she didn’t do was borderline predatory, because it was. Still, I already got payback and moved on, and like I said there’s always going to be some residual feelings. I’m happy with where I’m at now, and as a true choomba you’ll accept that. Please?”

“Alright, I will.”

“Thanks, for that and just listening to me. I suppose I owe you an apology, since I had already moved on and viewed the experience in a more pleasurable light I forgot it might disturb you.”

“No Judy, I should be thanking you for even opening up.”

“It’s alright. Let’s just hope amor will be more forgiving in the future.” Both women giggled, not knowing how right they would be as they would soon be joined by two legends who went by the name V.

Ending Note: So, good news: I made the first Ada Wong, Indigo Prophecy, and Cyberpunk 2077 stories on this site (at least that I’m aware of), I’m on a roll! Bad news, you know how long it took for this to come out? Imagine the wait time for a whole story with multiple chapters, because that’s probably going to be how long it’ll take for it to be released. On the bright side, I have other projects which will be released in between to make up for it. Anyways really hope you enjoyed this one, I sure did despite the dark ending. Don’t worry, in the proper story Vincent and Valerie will be nothing but loyal lovers to both of this story’s heroines.

