Emptying your ink tank (Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2018-11-07 21:20

(I've seen some omo splatoon fanfics. But i've yet to see one involving the Octo Expansion. Wich is why I decided to make this.)

The Deep Sea Metro....A subway system operated by Kamabo Co.

Inside this train,Agent 8 was sitting down next to an old man.

Agent 8,Along with everyone else who was inside the metro,Were trapped in this subway and need to pass some tests in order to reach the "promised land" as the conductor of the subway called it.

Agent 8 was currently waiting for the metro to stop at their next text.

While she was sitting down,Her was shaking one of her legs.

She and the old man next to her were walking around for 15 minutes before they found the metro.

And she just completed her first test wich took her about 2 minutes.

During all that time,She hasn't had the chance to use the bathroom.

She already asked the conductor of the train if there was a bathroom,But unfortunately for her the answer was no.

"Is everything okay,Agent 8?"

Agent 8 turned to the old man and created a fake smile.

"I'm fine,Captain. I'm just feeling a bit nervous for my next test,that's all."

Agent 8 then looked out of the window and saw the black void they were traveling through.

"Test Subject 10.008?"

Agent 8 turned around and saw the conductor of the train,C.Q. Cumber.

"We'll be arriving at station A06 soon."

Agent 8 sighed and got off the seat.

She prayed there was some way she could relieve herself during the next text.

She made her way to the Metro exit and waited for the Metro to stop.

Once the Metro stopped,She stepped out and grabbed a blaster.

She headed towards the entrance and payed the test fee.

She then shot some ink in front of her and transformed into an Octopus to swim in it.

As she was swimming in her ink whoever,she felt her bladder hurt even more.

Agent 8 jumped out of the water and placed a hand on her crotch.

She took a deep breath before she continued walking forward.

To her horror however,There were a bunch of bounce pads in front of her. And no solid ground.

Agent 8 needed to bounce on those pads to get to the other side,wich she was sure would make it difficult to hold it in.

Seeing as she had to no the choice,She Jumped off the ramp and started bouncing on the pads.

While she was bouncing forward and holding onto her crotch,she saw an Ink Piston.

She bounced over the piston and landed on another bounce pad,wich she used to reach some solid ground.

Once 8 landed on the solid ground,She quickly grabbed her crotch with both hands.

She started fidgeting a bit until she felt the pain in her bladder disappear slightly.

She shoot some ink forward with her blaster and transformed into her Octopus form.

Whoever,she quickly transformed back into her humanoid form and placed her hands between her legs.

Being in her Octopus form made it more difficult for her to hold it.

"Agent 8? Agent 8,Come in!"

8 yelped and felt a small spurt escape from her body.

She grabbed her crotch again and answered her device.

"W-What is it,Cap?"

"How is the test going?"

"It's going pretty well,Captain." 8 said as she fidgeted in place.

"Good. Keep at it and we'll reach the promised land in no time!"

Agent 8 laughed before ending the call and continuing the test.

For the remainder off the test,Agent 8 had to bounce on multiple bounce pads and speed up by using dash tracks. Both of wich made it more difficult for Agent 8 to keep control of her bladder.

She's been making her way through the station for a couple of minutes and her bladder got fuller and fuller each second.

Another minute later,Agent 8 saw a launch pad in front of her.

Agent 8 whined and transformed into an Octopus.

She then launched herself towards the next section of the station.

Upon landing however,Agent 8 crossed her legs and tightened her grip between her legs.

She stood still for a few seconds while looking around.

She saw the goal up ahead,But she once again saw multiple bounce pads.

She whined as she was hopping in place.

"(I'm reaching my limit! If I bounce one more time,I'm going to lose it!)" Agent 8 though to herself as she looked around.

She then saw a bunch of crates close to a fence near the ledge of the platform she was standing on.

"(Should i?)"

8 looked around to make sure nobody was watching.

"(It's either there,Or my panties)"

Agent 8 slowly made her way towards the crates and hid behind them.

She was about to unzip her skirt when all of the sudden,a green ball of Ink struck her.

She sudden attack made her lose control of her bladder for a split second,Allowing another spurt to escape.

She crossed her legs and kept her hands between them while she was hopping in place.

She looked up and saw two Octotroopers preparing to shoot at her.

She grabbed her blaster and fired at them.

Once of them got hit by a shot and exploded while the other fired another ball at 8.

8 transformed into an Octopus and swam out of the way.

Just a second later however,she transported back into her humanoid form.

She started bouncing on the spot with one hand on her crotch.

She used the other hand to shoot at the Octotrooper.

The Octotrooper was hit by the shoot and it exploded.

8 sighed and looked at the box she wanted to hide behind.

The box was destroyed because of the Octotroopers.

8 groaned while she bounced on the spot.

She looked around to make sure nobody was watching her.

She let out a sigh and walked back to the spot where she was planning to pee.

She took one more good look at her surroundings before unzipping her skirt and pulling down.

As she was pulling it down,A couple of pink drops landed on her panties.

8 quickly squatted and looked around one last time before relaxing.

After a few seconds of hesitating,she let out a stream of pink urine.

She let out a relieved sigh as she saw looked at the slightly pink puddle that was being created below her.

She kept relaxing and letting out what she's been holding.

After a few seconds,Her stream weakened and disappeared.

"(Ugh....There's nothing to wipe with...)"

Agent 8 looked at her panties,wich had a wet,pink spot on them.

She pulled them back up and shivered a bit before stepping away from the spot.

She looked right in front of her and saw the platform with the goal on it.

She then looked at the bounce pads and smiled.

Now that she no longer had to deal with a full bladder,She jumped on the bounce pads until she reached the goal.

*002*2018-11-08 05:40

{{40 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved hat story

}}

Thanks.

