Hiding it behind the mask (Murakumo and shiki - Senran Kagura)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2018-02-02 03:45

Inside the gessen academy,a girl with an orge mask was busy drawing manga.

Her name was murakumo. She acted though when she had her mask on,but behaved very shy without it.

She used her mask to hide her face because,according to her,she's too ugly for people to look at her.

Many people tried to convince her that she's a beautiful and cute girl,but she constantly denies it and does whatever it takes to hide her face.

Right now,the masked beauty was busy writting manga while constanly crossing her legs.

She needed to relief herself really badly,but she needed to finish her manga fast because the exhibition was a few days away.

'Finally! It's done!' Murakumo yelled.

She quickly ran towards her room and stored the manga inside her bag.

She was about to exit the room and use the bathroom,but her valley girl friend called shiki stopped her.

'Hey murky! I'm like,planning,to head to the shopping district to buy new clothes. How about we spend,like,some time together? You've totally been in here all day,fer shuh....' shiki said.

Murakumo saw the concern on the valley girls face and nodded.

'Alright,let's go right now!' Shiki said as she dragged murakumo away.

'Wait!' Murakumo said with a deep voice.

Shiki let go of her hand.

'Let me use the bathroom....' murakumo said as she entered the restroom of the elite hallway.

She took one of the stalls and immediately pulled down her thights and panties.

She sat down on the toilet and let out a very deep sigh of relief as she emptied her bladder.

She had a relieved look on her face,but it wasn't visible because of her mask...not that anyone was looking at her.

The stream lasted for a while before dying down.

Murakumo wiped herself before pulling up her tights and flushing the toilet.

She washed her hand and exited the bathroom,where she met shiki.

'There you are! Now,like,let's get moving!' Shiki said excitedly.

Murakumo nodded.

'But......'

Shiki quickly swipped away murakumo's mask,revealing her face.

Murakumo started panicking and covering her face.

'W-w-w-what are you doing?! G-g-g-give me back my mask!' Murakumo yelled.

Her deep and calm voice was now replaced with a more high pitched and nervous one.

'C'mon murky! You gotta learn to live life without that mask,gurl!' Shiki said as she put away the mask.

'I'll give it back to you once we come back home...' shiki said as they started walking.

Shikie pulled out a bottle And gave it to murakumo.

'Here,you look thirsty after all that time of working...' shiki said with a smile.

As they arrived at the shopping district,murakumo was doing her best to hide her face while ignoring all of the remarks.

'Look at that cutie!'

'Ahh,those green eyes are so adorable!'

'Kawaii!'

Murakumo started panicking because of the remarks.

'S-shiki?! Who are they talking about?! Who do they keep calling cute?!' Murakumo asked.

'You of course,gurl!' Shiki said with a smile.

'N-no! It can't be! I'm hideous! Nobody would want to interact with me!' Murakumo said as she was still covering her face.

'Ohhh,lookie here!' Shiki said as she found the shop the was looking for.

'C'mon murky! Let's go!' She said as she dragged murakumo into the shop.

Shiki started browing into the shop while murakumo just stood in the background waiting for her friend to finish.

Murakumo was trying to hide two things: Her face And the pressure that was building up inside her bladder.

The drink that shiki gave her earlier was starting to make murakumo feel desperate.

She would've asked shiki for help,but she 'knew' that nobody would help an 'ugly witch' like herself.

After what seemed like hours,shiki finished browsing and found some clothes.

'Lookie murky! These dress will,like,totally be perfect for the party at erika's house!' Shiki said with a smile.

Murakumo just shyly nodded while shaking a bit.

'Are you okay? You look nervous...like,more than usual.' Shiki said with a concerned look on her face.

'Can i please have my Mask back?!' Murakumo asked.

She couldn't build up the courage to ask her friend for a bathroom break without her mask.

'C'mon murky! You can totally keep it off for a bit longer,right?' Shiki said with a smile.

This caused murakumo to whine a bit as the pressure in her bladder was growing even more.

Shiki seemed to catch onto murakumo's desperation.

'Murky? Do you,like,need to use the ladies room?'

Murakumo didn't respond.

'Can i just please-'

'Murky,you totally don't need the mask to ask for permission. Now,like,please answer question.'

Murakumo remained quiet while shaking on the spot.

'Murky? Do you need the ladies room?'

Murakumo didn't reply..but she nodded.

'C'mon...say it....' shiki said with a frown.

'I...i need to use the bathroom...really badly....' murakumo said as she started shaking. Both out of nervousness and because of desperation.

Shiki nodded and quickly headed to the clerk to pay off her stuff.

She and murakumo quickly started to look around the shopping district until they found a bathroom.

They both entered the ladies room and saw two empty stalls next to each other.

Murakumo hesitated to enter.

She looked at shiki,who knew exactly what she was about to ask.

'Murky...you don't need the mask to use the toilet.'

'But i-'

Shiki walked up next to murakumo and opened a stall.

'If it makes you feel better,i'll use the stall next to you...' shiki said as she entered the stall.

Murakumo sighed and entered her stall.

She saw the japanese styled toilet below her

She could hear the sound of shiki pulling down her tights.

She looked down and blushd when she saw shiki's shadow.

This was all followed up by a sigh of relief from shiki,who let out a loud stream of pee.

Murakumo blushed and grabbed her groin.

She sighed before pulling down her own tights and squating down.

She hesitated for a bit before relaxing and letting out a small spurt followed by a gasp...

She paused for a bit before letting out anothr spurt...wich turned into a hissing stream.

Murakumo sighed as she relieved herself.

'See gurl? That wasn't so hard.' Shiki said.

As murakumo was peeing,she blushed. Was her stream really that loud?

She decided not to think about it and continued to empty her bladder.

Her stream lasted for about 30 seconds before stopping.

She reached out for a piece of paper and wiped herself with it.

But she felt a bit more Embarrassed while doing this than she did without her mask.

She exited the stall and saw shiki holding her mask.

'Good going! You managed to pee without your mask. What do you have to say for yourself?' Shiki asked with a smile.

Murakumo quickly grabbed her mask and put it back on.

'I hope i never have to do that again....' she said with her deep voice before exiting the ladies room.

Shiki sighed at her friend before

Exiting the ladies room.

