The Desperate Date

Author: omowritter

*000*2022-06-14 19:00

Chloe was so excited to finally be going on a date with Sam. They had met on Tinder and had been chatting for months. She took extra care in picking her outfit. A tight black skirt with a red corset top. She did her makeup and hair and took one final look at herself in the mirror. She looked great. Red was really her color, she decided. Chloe is what most would call gorgeous. She had long dark brown hair, fair complexion, deep brown eyes that were almost black, a b- cup and was about average height - 5'5".

She grabbed a water bottle and left. As she locked the door behind her she realized that she forgot to use the bathroom before she left. She checked her phone and realized that the uber driver was right outside. It's fine she thought, I can just use the bathroom there. She didn't even really have to go, she just always used the bathroom before she left, trying to avoid a repeat of what happened a few years back. She shuddered at the thought, running quickly down the stairs of the apartment building.

15 min later. She had drank both her water and the water that the uber driver had given her, and was now starting to feel her bladder starting to fill up. It wasn't bad, but she could definitely feel it. They were only 15 minutes away and she could just go then.

Another 15 min later. She thanked her uber driver as she walked quickly into the restaurant heading straight towards the bathrooms. "Chloe?" she heard a voice call out. She turned her head slowly to see Sam sitting at a table waiting for her. Fuck him for being punctual she thought. "oh hey" she said softly.

"Come sit down" he said. She did thinking she would just wait for a break in the conversation. But once they started talking they just couldn't stop. They talked about everything, college, family, friends. You name it they talked it. Shit, she thought, he's fucking perfect. Which did not help her current situation at all. She was really starting to feel it now. She was shifting around in her seat constantly hoping he wouldn't notice. Suddenly she felt a jolt in her bladder. She quickly crossed her legs tightly, which caused her already short skirt to go higher up her legs. But she had to, in order to not piss herself.

"Hey, do you want to go get some ice cream? I know this great spot near here?" Sam said

"Oh yeah sure, I'm just gonna head to the bath- "

"They have so many crazy flavors I just think you'll love" he said, excitedly interupting her. He grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the restaurant.

They walked for a while and Chloe was walking awkwardly with her legs as close together as possible. After a while she felt another jolt and had to bend over and shove her hands in her crotch.

"Hey, uh are you okay?" Sam asked, concerned

"Yeah, I've just uh really have to pee" Chloe said in a strained voice. Her bladder was at it's full capacity and she knew she couldn't last much longer. She stood up but kept her legs tightly crossed.

"Why didn't you go at the restaurant?" Asked Sam

"I don't know!"

"Lets go back to my place and you can go there" he said, already calling an uber

"okay"

When the uber arrived Chloe was absolutley desperate. She was squirming all over the car seat, unable to sit still. She had one hand under her skirt, too focused on not peeing to be embarrassed that Sam was sitting next to her. When they arrived at his apartment building she got out of the car but standing made it 10 times worse. She crossed her legs and put her other hand in her crotch. She walked hunched over doing everything possible to stop the flood. But she lost a spurt from the pressure of standing.

"No no no" she muttered running after Sam.

"The elevators are closed for repairs" he told her

"What floor are you on" she asked, annoyed as she was losing more spurts.

"Top floor" he said, worried for his safety because of the glares he was getting from her.

She started running up the stairs, if you could call it running. She was still hunched over with both hands under her skirt with her legs squeezed tight together, going surprisingly fast. But her bladder was tired and the bouncing up the stairs was too much. It gave out and pee exploded out of her. She peed for a good minute and a half and then started crying from relief and embarrasment. Sam just stared in horror, then carefully walked around the mess and ran up the stairs.

"Wait!" she cried but he didn't look back, leaving her forced to walk down the stairs, pee still dripping from her soaked panties, and stand outside cold, from her damp skirt to wait for her uber.

