Desperate Boyfriend

Author: OmoBabe56

*000*2020-12-10 00:31

Hello! I’ve been lurking on here for awhile now, and thought I’d give a shot at writing my own story. This story is completely fictional.

Here are some details (if you don’t want to read these, skip to the next paragraph). This story will be mainly from the perspective of Savannah, the girlfriend. I might try out switching to Nathan, the boyfriend’s perspective in the future. Savannah and Nathan are both 21 years old, in their third year of college. Savannah is 5’8, with light blonde wavy hair and blue eyes. She’s thin, but also slightly muscular. Nathan is 6’0 even, with dark dirty blonde hair and hazel eyes. He’s medium build, and also pretty muscular. Now, onto the story.

”Where is he?” Savannah thought to herself as she sat at a table in the diner, waiting for her boyfriend, Nathan to arrive. They were going to eat dinner at the diner, then take an walk to a bar about 5 minutes away to meet up with friends. Afterwards, they would take an Uber to Savannah’s apartment, where Nathan would spend the night.

Savannah became so lost in thought thinking about tonight’s plans, that she almost missed Nathan come in through the door, and walk towards the table where she was sitting.

”Hey, Sav! Sorry I’m late,” he apologized as he sat down across from her, “The Uber was late picking me up.”

”No worries!” Savannah smiled, looking at him. “Wow,” she thought to herself, as she stared into his gleaming hazel eyes, “I could get lost in them forever.”

”Are you ready to order?” Nathan asked as he slid his menu to the edge of the table.

”Yep!” She replied enthusiastically as she flagged down a waitress. She ordered two slices of cheese pizza and a medium chocolate milkshake. Nathan ordered a cheeseburger with a side of fries and a large root beer float.

They continued talking for about 10 minutes before the waitress brought out their order. As they ate their food, they talked and joked around. When they were finished, they paid, tipped the waitress, and left.

As they walked out the door, Savannah’s phone buzzed. It was her friend Alyssa, letting her know the rest of the group had just arrived at the bar. They were meeting their friends Alyssa, Katie, and Josh. She replied saying they were one their way now, and slipped her phone back into her pocket.

”Who was that?” Nathan asked as they started walking in the direction of the bar.

”Alyssa,” Savannah answered, “They all just got to the bar,” Savannah looked at her boyfriend. He was staring at her. “What?” She giggled.

Nathan smiled, and blushed slightly, “I- I don’t know. You just- you just look really beautiful.” He quickly looked down, blushing even more. Savannah was beaming. She and Nathan had been dating for 6 months, and he’d been there for her through so much.

They arrived at the bar shortly, where their friends were waiting inside.

”Finally!” Exclaimed Alyssa as she ran up and hugged Savannah. Katie followed right behind her. Josh waved as he sat at the table.

“Hi Nathan!” Katie and Alyssa said in unison, after they finished hugging Savannah.

”Hey,” he replied as they all walked to the table.

They sat at the table and talked for about 10 minutes.

”I’m gonna go get us some drinks.” Josh called as he walked to the bar. The girls and Nathan continued talking as Josh grabbed drinks for everyone. After a couple of minutes, he called Katie over to help carry the drinks back to the table.

”Hey, I have to pee. I’ll be right back.” Alyssa told Savannah as she walked off to the bathroom.

Savannah and Nathan sat their silently. Savannah was about to say something, when she noticed Nathan tapping his feet on the ground. “Maybe he has to-,” she thought, before she stopped herself, “no, don’t get ahead of yourself. There’s no way he has to pee. We’ve only been out for an hour.” But as she continued to think about it, she realized that he’d gotten really quiet a few minutes before. Nathan was a little shy, but not around their friends. Or her for that matter.

Her thoughts were quickly interrupted by Josh and Katie coming back to the table with their drinks. Alyssa came back shortly after, and they all started talking and drinking. Nathan seemed to be fine, though a little quiet, so Savannah just brushed off her thoughts from before.

After about an hour of talking, and lots of drinking, Savannah had to pee.

“I have to pee.” she said, getting up.

”Me too.” Katie agreed, getting up with her.

”Same here.” Alyssa joined in.

”I’m gonna go get more drinks.” Said Josh gesturing towards the bar. They all headed off, leaving Nathan at the table by himself. As the girls approached the bathroom door, Savannah turned around to looked back at the table. Just as she looked over, Nathan scooted to the front of his chair, pressed his thighs together tightly, and quickly squeezed himself with one hand.

“I knew it!” Savannah thought, as she turned back around and went into the bathroom

###

The girls finished up in the bathroom, left, and walked back to table. Josh was still at the bar getting drinks, and Nathan was still seated at the table. As the girls approach the table, he straightened back up and sat back in a normal position.

”Hey.” Savannah said as they sat down. Nathan smiled, but didn’t say anything. Just then, Josh returned with their drinks.

”Drink up!” He exclaimed, setting the tray full of drinks on the table. Everyone quickly grabbed one, besides Nathan, who hesitantly reached over and slowly picked one up.

”Are you okay?” Savannah whispered in Nathan’s ear.

”I’m fine.” He managed. The others hadn’t seemed to notice, but Savannah had, and Nathan did not look fine.

After another half an hour, they finished their drinks and payed their tab. Savannah ordered an Uber for her and Nathan, and Alyssa ordered one for the rest of the group.

They said their goodbyes, and walked outside. The Uber Alyssa ordered had arrived, and her, Katie, and Josh climbed in. The Uber pulled away, and Savannah and Josh stood waiting outside.

Savannah looked over at Nathan, and noticed he was shaking and had his hand buried in his pockets.

“Are you okay?” she asked him. He looked slightly startled, as if he had just been pulled from deep concentration.

”Yeah, I’m just cold.” he shrugged in response. Savannah brushed it off. It was cold, but not very much. She knew he was lying, but didn’t want to bring it up and embarrass him or anything.

After a few minutes of silence, their Uber pulled up and they climbed in the back seat. Savannah sat in the middle, with Nathan to her right. The ride back to her apartment would be about 30 minutes.

After about five minutes, Nathan was still shaking. The driver had loud music playing, so he wouldn’t have been able to hear anything they said.

”Are you sure you’re okay?” Savannah whispered to Nathan, slightly concerned. He nodded, without saying anything.

Another 10 minutes had passed, and they were about halfway to Savannah’s, when Nathan tapped her on the shoulder. She looked over at him. His thigh were pressed together tightly, and he had his hands between his legs.

”Sav, I really have to pee.” He admitted, not looking at her.

”Finally!” She thought to herself. “He finally admitted it!”

”How long have you had to go?” She asked, placing her hand on his back.

He hesitated. “Since a little after we got to the bar.” He tensed a little.

”That was almost two hours ago,” Savannah said, surprised, “and you’ve probably five drinks since then.” She continued, concerned.

”I know,” he replied, his voice shaky, “and it’s getting really bad.” He squeezed his thighs together even tighter. He still wouldn’t look at her. Savannah could tell he was embarrassed, but she wanted to know more.

”Why didn’t you say anything before?” She placed her other hand on his shoulder. He flinch slightly.

”I- I don’t know-“ he stuttered, “I don’t like going in public bathrooms,” he turned his head towards her slightly, “and I- I don’t really like telling people when I have to go. I get embarrassed.” He looked back down.

“It’s okay. We’ll be back to my place soon,” she said sympathetically, “Can you make it?”

”I hope so.” He said with a quiver in his voice. Savannah laid her head on his shoulder and rubbed his back.

###

They finally pulled onto Savannah’s street after about 10 minutes. Savannah sat up and nudged Nathan’s shoulder.

”We’re almost there.” She said assuringly. Nathan straightened up in his seat, his legs shaking.

The driver pulled to the entrance of the parking lot, and stopped the car. Nathan flung the door opened and quickly climbed out. Savannah hurried out after him. When she was out of the car, she turned, thanked the driver, and shut the door. The driver pulled away quickly, and Savannah turned around.

When she turned, she saw Nathan. He was slightly hunched over, with his arms crossed over his stomach, his legs crossed, and his thigh pressed together tightly. She gasped quietly.

”I have to go so bad,” Nathan whimpered, “It hurts.” Savannah ran over to him.

”It’s okay,” she said encouragingly, “Come on. Let’s hurry and go inside.” She started walking, but stopped almost immediately.

”I can’t,” he was trembling, “It’s really bad. If I move, I think I’m going to pee myself.” Savannah could see the tears in his eyes. She hated seeing him in so much pain.

”Yes you can!” She reassured him, “I know you can! We’re almost there, you’re gonna be okay.” That seemed to encourage him slightly. He took a deep breath, uncrossed his legs, and stood up straight. He was still trembling.

”Hurry! I don’t think I can hold it much longer.” They started walking across the parking lot. Savannah rushed quickly, so she could open the door. Nathan followed behind her, trying to keep up, and desperately trying not to piss himself.

They got to the door of the apartment complex, and Savannah quickly pulled out her keys.

”Please hurry!” Nathan begged, bouncing up and down in desperation. After a few seconds, Savannah had unlocked the door. Just as she opened the door, she heard a small gasped.

”Shit,” Nathan cried. His hands flew to his crotch. “I just leaked. Shit. I have to go so bad!” They stood there for a few seconds before he finally seemed to get it under control.

”Come on! You can do it! You’re almost there!” Savannah continued to encourage. Nathan straightened up, and the hurried inside. They rushed down the hall to the elevator, and Savannah pressed the up arrow. Nathan danced in place as they waited.

Once the elevator doors opened up, they quickly stepped inside. Savannah pressed the button for the 6th floor, and the doors closed. Nathan leaned against the wall with his legs crossed, squirming.

The elevator went up slowly, floor by floor. With each floor, Nathan seemed to be getting more and more desperate. He stood there in constant motion, crossing and uncrossing his legs, shifting from foot to foot, and biting his lip. The elevator reached the 4th floor, and Nathan’s hands flew back to his crotch.

”Fuck. Fuck. Fuck,” he exclaimed, “Shit! I leaked again. It’s not stopping!” Savannah watched as he squeezed tightly both hands, legs crossed, rocking back and forth on his feet. “It stopped. It stopped. Fuck, I really have to pee! It’s so bad! It hurts so bad!” He cried.

Savannah hated seeing him in so much pain. She walked over and rubbed his back. She noticed the wet spot around his crotch. It was about the size of a softball.

“Sav, I don’t think I can hold it. It’s so bad. It really hurts.” He whimpered.

”Yes you can! We’re almost to my floor. You can make.” She looked up, they were almost to the 6th floor.

”I don’t think I can. I’m gonna pee my pants,” he was trembling.

Just then, the elevator doors opened up. They had reached the 6th floor. Nathan saw this, and straightened up.

”You can make it.” Savannah repeated.

They hurried out of the elevator, and moved as fast as they could towards Savannah’s apartment. She lived in apartment 623. They passed by apartment after apartment. Nathan’s hands were now permanently on his crotch.

They finally reached Savannah’s apartment, and she pulled out her keys to unlock the door. Nathan was bouncing up and down with his legs crossed, as she fumbled to put the key in the door.

”Sav, I’m about to pee myself! Please hurry!”

Savannah finally managed to get the key in the lock, and quickly unlocked the door.

Nathan ran inside and headed straight for the bathroom. Savannah shut the door, set her stuff down, and took her shoes off.

”Shit!” Nathan called from the bathroom, “Savannah!”

Savannah ran to the bathroom. She found Nathan hunched over the toilet, hands buried in his crotch.

“My belt. Can you undo it? Please. I can’t get it. I’m about to pee myself!” Nathan begged desperately. Savannah walked over to him, and started to undo his belt. Nathan whimpered as her hands brushed over his bladder. Finally, she managed to undo his belt.

”Can you unzip my pants too, please?” Savannah knew he was about to lose it. She quickly undid his pants and backed up. Nathan reached one hand into his pants, pulled his sick out, and immediately started peeing. He leaned forward against the wall and sighed. Savannah watched, as he peed for probably at least two whole minutes.

When he finished he shook his dick, and quickly tucked himself back in.

”Better?” Savannah asked. Nathan nodded. He walked over to her, and wrapped his arms around her.

”I love you.” he whispered.

”I love you, too.” She whispered back.

###

That’s it! Hope you liked it!

*003*2020-12-14 22:41

{{On 12/12/2020 at 1:20 AM, BladderLad said:

Brilliant story! Really well written

}}

Thank you! I’m so glad you think so! I really didn’t expect many people to see this, let alone enjoy it as much as I do, so this makes me really happy!

{{On 12/12/2020 at 8:27 PM, Alex62 said:

Amazing story!! Poor Nathan. Although wish he didn’t make it

}}

Thank you so much! He made it this time, but I’m planning on writing more about them, so there will times he doesn’t

*007*2021-02-04 03:18

{{On 1/30/2021 at 8:02 PM, Tree Trimmer said:

Great story! Do you think Nathan might have been able to keep his pants dry if Sav had reached over and helped him hold it during the uber ride and again in the elevator??

}}

Oooo, that’s a good question. I haven’t thought about that But I’m not sure he would have been able to if she didn’t, now that I’m thinking about it

