A Broodal hold (Hariet (Super Mario Odyssey)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-12-01 19:20

$$

"A'ight,i hope everyone is prepared. Cuz dis will be da biggest wedding we've planned yet!" Topper said as he and his three co-workers approached their airship.

"Agreed. When was the last time we've had to gather so much stuff? Hyuh." Rango said as he looked.

"Well,what are we waiting for? Let's get moving already!" Hariet said as she twirled around and skipped towards the ship.

"She seems excited." Spewart said as he watched the sole female member of the 4 Broodal squad happily approach their airship.

"Well,can't say i blame 'er. How long ago was our last gig?" Topper asked. The other two Broodals looked at each other and shrugged.

"Guys! C'mon!" Hariet yelled,having already entered their Airship. Soon the quarted took off and flew away from their home and into the stars above the Rabbit Ridge Tower. Hariet sat down and began thinking about ways to make this wedding extra special. A big wedding needed some big fireworks and as the one in charge of pyrotechnics,She had to figure out a way to make these fireworks super big.

###

Several minutes went by and Harriet soon got bored. Most of their clients came from earth and they lived on the Moon. Which meant they had to travel quite a while in order to get there. Harriet looked out of the window and sighed as she watched all the stars fly past her. With the stars doing very little to distracted her,she decided to prepare herself some tea. After brewing it,she entered the center of the ship and sat down.

"'Ey,what was the plan again?" Rango asked.

"The boss wanted us to get various artifacts for the wedding. First we need to get him a tiara for his bride." Harried said as she sipped from her tea.

"Where are we gonna get that?" Spewart asked.

"Are you guys familiar with the Cap Kingdom?" Hariet asked.

"Yeh! That's the one with them little ghosts shaped like hats,right?" Rango asked.

"Exactly." hariet said as she took another sip from her tea.

"Hold on everyone! We're going to be entering the planets atmosphere soon!" Topper said in the ship's speaker. Hariet finished drinking her tea and ran her hands through her hair.

"So then. Who's up to cause some chaos?" Hariet asked.

###

"WAAAH! HELP!" A little ghost yelled as it ran away from a huge shadow. The huge shadow coming from two ships looming over the kingdom. Several of the Kingdom residents began panicking and running. Hariet pulled out a few bombs and began throwing them at the Kingdom below,destroying a few of the hat shaped ships that were nearby. The Broodals lowered their ship and Topper soon jumped off.

"Aight! Time to get dat Tiara! Remember ya three! Keep an eye out for any goodie-two shoes!" Topper said as he ran towards the crowd of panicking bonetters. Hariet jumped off the ship and landed flawlessly on her feet. But upon landing,she felt a twinge go through her body. It couldn't have been the landing hurting her,she was used to jumping from such heights even in places that didn't have to moon's low gravity. That's when she realized what was going on,the tea she had drank earlier was beginning to fill up her bladder. Hariet shrugged it off and pulled out some bombs. She could worry about it later. Right now,she had a job to do. She skipped a long and threw the bombs around,destroying every single airship the bonetters had.

"Hehehe! Now that plumber the boss was talking about will have no way to travel!" Hariet giggled as she continued skipping. With each step she felt a slight bit of pressure, But it wasn't something she found too distracting.

"Now then. I wonder where i can find a tiara." Hariet said.

###

Turns out,she didn't have to look anymore after a while. As Topper had found one and had already given it to the boss. Right now,Hariet was just busy destroying every single ship in order to make sure the wedding didn't have interruptions. She kept throwing bombs while giggling maniacally. After a while,she stopped to catch her breath from so much laughing.

"Ahhh...i really missed this." She said as she began to calm down. And now that she was back to being calm,the pressure in her bladder hit her once again. And this time it was stronger than the last.

"*Phew* Okay..Maybe now i oughta return to the ship and take a break." Hariet said. She was feeling a little exhausted anyways and by the looks of it,she destroyed every airship in the vicinity. Along with a bunch of other stuff,but the airships were gone. She began skipping back to the own ship. Once again ignoring the slight pressure that came with each step,as she knew that could be taken care of once she returned to the ship.

After a few minutes,she arrived at a fence and leaned against it. She waited,but the ship was nowhere to be seen. She let out a sigh and rested her head against the fence. The pressure returned and with nothing to distract her now,she was having trouble ignoring it. Thankfully,after a few more minutes,she began feeling a familiar wind blowing past her. The airship hovered over her and with all her strength,she performed a big leap and landed on her feet perfectly once again. But the pressure upon landing made her smile disappear for a bit.

"There you are. We've been lookin' for ya everywhere!" Topper said.

"Hey,cut me some slack. i was just making sure nobody had a way to interfere with our plans." Harriet said.

"Mind givin' us a heads up next time? We should've left a while ago. Da boss already got the tiara." Topper said.

"Whatever." Hariet said. She ship began lifting off and soon they flew past the giant tower with a top hat on it.

"Hey! Isn't that the plumber the boss was talking about?" Spewart asked.

"Whu? Where?" Rango said as he looked off the balcony. Hariet looked down to see where her companions were looking. And they saw a short,red plumber making his way up the tower.

"Oh boy. That didn't last long." Topper said while scratching his cheek. Topper then steered the airship towards the tower.

"Wait,what are you doing?" Hariet asked.

"Roughin' up goodie two shoes was part of the contract. So we're not quite done here." Topper said.

"Didn't you just say we were in a hurry?" Rango asked.

"You three continue. I will catch up." Topper said. The ship soon stopped in front of the tower and Topper hoped of. The remaining three broodals did as they were told and continued making their way to their next destination.

"Do ya think Topper can handle it?" Rango asked.

"I'm sure he'll be fine. At least that plumber won't have a ship to use." Harriet said with a grin. A grin that quickly disappeared once she felt yet another wave of pressure. She opened a hatch and went inside the ship. She steadily made her way through the ship while whistling until she eventually arrived at a door. She smiled and opened the door,but her smile quickly turned to horror when she saw the interior. There was a toilet there,yes. But there was purple goo everywhere. And she already knew who the culprit was.

###

"SPEWART!" Hariet yelled.

"Hey! What's with you?!" Spewart asked as he saw harriet angrily approach him.

"How many times have i told you to clean up your mess?!" Hariet yelled.

"Uhh..i lost count. Hahaha." Spewart laughed. But hariet wasn't amused.

"Clean up! Now!" She said as she pointed towards the hatch where she came from.

"Ugh...fine." Spewart said as he entered the hatch.

"What was he even doing in there that caused such a mess?! and WHY was he doing it in there?!" Hariet asked herself. She groaned and sat down. With the one toilet in the ship being unusable for the time being,She found herself trying to ignore the pressure until it could be used again. She crossed her legs and gritted her teeth. She just hoped he would be done by the time they reached their next destination.

###

The Broodals had flown over the Sand Kingdom and were getting closer and closer to the inverted pyramid. Hariet was still sitting there with her legs crossed. Trying her hardest to ignore the pressure that had gotten stronger during the trip. She hopped of her seat and angrily stomped towards the hatch. She made her way back to the bathroom to check up on Spewart.

"What could be taking him so long! All he had to do was-" Hariet's words trailed off as she saw the giant puddle of water under the door. Hariet had a look of dread on her face and she knocked on the door.

"Uh..Yeah?"

"What the shell happened in there?!" Hariet asked. Spewart slowly opened the door and the sight caused hariet's jaw to drop. Most of the goo was gone,but now the entire floor was soaking wet and the toilet had water pouring out of it.

"Okay. so uhh..i think some of the goo might've ended up inside the toilet and-" Hariet groaned and slammed the door shut.

"Perfect. What am i supposed to do now?" Hariet said as she headed back to the center of the ship.

She returned to see Rango looking at her.

"So how's the bathroom?" Rango asked.

"Unavailable for the time being. Spewart made an even bigger mess." Hariet said as she leaned against a wall and crossed her legs. She let out a sigh and waited for the ship to land. The next task wasn't to difficult. She just had to go inside the inverted pyramid and get a ring. But not just any ring; the binding ring. She looked to her left and her eyes nearly became bloodshot. Rango was standing near the ship's fence,unzipping his fly and wiping out his most private part. Without even hesitating,she was a stream of urine coming out of his lower half.

"UGH! GROSS!" Hariet said as she stormed away.

"Ey! The bathroom is unavailable and i really needed to go!" Rango said. Hariet rolled her eyes and waited for the ship to land. She was in the same boat as him right now (No pun intended), but she was not about to pull down her legging and pee off the boat. Even if her bladder was pushing her to do so right now. They soon arrived at the inverted pyramid and hariet jumped off the ship. Upon landing,she stood still for a few seconds and jammed her hands between her legs.

"Hariet? You good?" Rango asked.

"Y-Yeah! Just...rough landing,that's all." Hariet said as she stood upright. She then entered the temple and began looking for the ring. But after taking several steps forward,she noticed all the platforms and traps waiting for her. Normally she wouldn't worry about such obstacles. But now?

"Oh...why?"

###

Hariet hid behind a pillar and shielded herself with her helmet. A loud explosion went of behind her and knocked over the pillar. She had just escaped a Bullet Bill homing in on her.

"Ugh..Where is that dang ring?!" Hariet asked as she continued her trek through the temple. She had both her hands in front of her dress and she looked more nervous now. She had spend the last half hour dodging traps and hoping over obstacles. And her bladder made the experience more stressful than it would've been otherwise. Every time she jumped,she had to stop and try to ease the pressure in her bladder,something that became more and more difficult with each passing minute. Not only that,but as she delved deeper and deeper, it became colder and colder. All of that made her want to get out of her as fast as possible.

As she made her way through the ruins and tried her hardest to ignore all the signals her bladder was sending her,a thought crossed her mind. Where was she supposed to relieve herself once she had acquired the ring? The bathroom wasn't gonna be fixed for a while and there was no way she could hold it until they got every single item.

However,All those thoughts stopped when she saw something in front of her. A giant ring with a big diamond on top of it.

"Hah...hahaha...Finally. I found it." She said with a smile as she reached for it with stars in her eyes. But another twinge from her body quickly snapped her out of her trance and caused her to put her hands back in front of her dress. She looked at the ring and slowly approached it. She then pulled it out of it's pedestal and held it. With a satisfied smile,she began walking away from the pillar with the ring in tow until.

"Who....Take....Ring?!?!" A voice said. Hariet's eyes widened as she saw two hands descend from the ceiling. She made a run for it and the hands gave chase. After a bit of running,she hid behind a pillar and crossed her legs in a vain attempt to ease the pressure in her bladder.

"WHERE RING?!" The voice said as the hands began smashing the pillars down. Hariet snuck away and soon picked up the pace. She gritted her teeth as her movements added even more pressure to her aching bladder. She saw a few Bullet Bills flying towards her,causing her to sweat drop.

"Oh! This is gonna suck!" Hariet said. She took a deep breath and then jumped on one of the Bullet Bills. She then hopped from Bullet Bill to Bullet Bill and then kept running. She shoved her hands even deeper into her dress and looked back to see that the hands were still looking for her.

###

"Hah...hah....i made it." Hariet said with an exhausted look as she exited the Pyramid. She walked towards a nearby pillar and leaned her back against it. She at near the lower entrance of the Pyramid now,but atleast she was out of it and by the looks of it,she was safe now. And she still had the ring with her. So her mission was-

"Eeep!" She hopped from one foot to the other while keeping her hands in front of her crotch. She had a scared look on her face.

"I...i think i leaked. I need to go now!" Hariet said as she hastily looked around. There was nobody nearby and the pillar she was standing in front of made for decent cover. She hated the idea,but the leak she let out just now made it clear she was out of options. She lifted up her dress and pulled down her leggings. She drapped her dress in front of her and then squatted in front of the pillar. Almost immediately a small spurt came out. And a few seconds later,a full stream splattered against the pillar.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaah...." Hariet let out as she closed her eyes and let out hours of stress. She almost lost her balance,but she placed one of her hands behind her and thrusted her hips forward a little. She let out another sigh and leaned her head back as her bladder began shrinking. She looked in front of her and watched as the sand below her got darker and darker until a puddle started forming and growing. Soon,her stream came to an end and she let out another relieved sigh. She pulled up her leggings and shivered a little.

"Ugh,i'm gonna have to change panties once i'm back at the ship." Hariet said.

"Speaking of which..." She looked up and saw the airship still hovering above the Pyramid. She pulled out a phone and dialed a number. After about a minute,the ship lowered itself and hariet was able to jump back on it. And this time,the landing had no pressure.

"I was expecting ya to come out from the top." Rango said.

"Things got a bit hectic." Hariet said.

"Did you get the ring?" Rango asked. Harriet smiled and pulled out the giant ring from out of nowhere and showed it off.

"Ooooooohhh..." Rango said,looking at it with stary eyes. Just like hariet had done.

"We can admire it's beauty while on the ship. C'mon. We still have a lot of stuff to collect." Hariet said. Rango nodded and the ship began rising from the ground again.

