Leon and Lillian Pt. 2

Author: omogurlcc

*000*2022-03-26 08:15

Obligingly, Leon follows without protest. “What should we watch?” He asks. “Hm… How about the mystery of the hidden place?” Lillian asks with a smirk. The couple watched the movie several times, and Leon knew that the ‘hidden place’ was a WATERFALL. A sinking feeling in Leon’s heart appeared as he sat down. It’ll be a miracle if I’m completely dry through this… Leon thinks Lillian gleefully sits down.

Sure enough, halfway through the movie, Leon started to feel his bladder filling up. A few minutes later, the waterfall in the movie appeared. Lillian purposely turned the sound up and watched her husband in the corner of her eye. Leon could feel that Lillian was watching him, but the sounds of running water did not help his urge and he squirmed in his seat. Desperate for a position providing any relief, he settled on pressing his hands firmly to his crotch.

At that moment, Lillian got up and poured Leon another drink of water, which she forced him to gulp down before serving him 3 more. At this point, Leon was absolutely BURSTING to go and meekly said, “Lillian? I… I uh…” Being known as brave and confident, Leon was unsure of admitting any weakness of his, including having to attend to his needs. “Yes baby? What is it?” Lillian purred. “I need to pee…” Leon blushed and replied. “Oh you poor thing… I’ll help you to the toilet.” Lillian said lovingly.

The two walked to the toilet, and Leon pulled his pants and underwear down. Just as he was about to pee, Lillian pulled his underwear back on. “Nuh uh uh” she said. “I’m still in charge, remember?”

“Oh but Lillian, PLEASE! I’m DYING FOR A PISS!” Leon protested loudly. “Nope” was Lillian’s only reply.

To Leon’s surprise, the next thing Lillian did was stick her hand into his underwear and felt around for his dick. Upon touching it, Leon’s semi hard penis became full on hard. “Oh yes… This is good,” Lillian muttered to herself. “Very good, good job baby. You’re doing very well…” Leon grimaced and cringed over and over as he felt leak after leak escape him. It was not before long that he felt his briefs completely soaked. Lillian finally pulled his underwear down. The cool air in the apartment around his penis made him want to pee even more badly. He grabbed the end of his cock and squeezed hard, pleading Lillian to let him go.

Again, Lillian denied this and instead drew the curtains in the bedroom and lied on the bed with him. “I’m going to piss all over the bed, Lillian!” Leon exclaimed. “I don’t think so! Not when it’s YOUR turn to do the laundry…” Lillian reminded him teasingly.

Leon’s whole body tensed up in desperation and it took all the discipline he had to not rush off and relieve himself. “Oh baby… You’re so full… It must be horrible to have all that pee inside of you… I can feel it sloshing around… Shshshshhhhhh it goes… Oh think of how WONDERFUL it would be to relieve yourself…” Lillian taunted him. Leon tried one last time, his voice laced with worry, “Lillian… I can;t hold much longer…” He warned.

Sensing that Leon had really reached his limit, Lillian guided him to the toilet and held his cock for him as he hesitated a bit before letting the dam inside him loose. His pee came out of his penis forcefully, splattering the bowl and splashing a little onto Leon. It came out in bursts like this for the next 3 minutes. Finally, it slowed to a stop and he dripped a little bit.

“Feels so good huh?” Lillian teased. “You have no idea…” Leon replied, sighing in relief.

