NPM's Fanfic Thread (Considering Suggestions!)

Author: OasisOnLock

*000*2020-02-13 23:43

I thought I'd fix myself a nice place to organize any thoughts that might pop into my head ^^

As the title says, I'm in here to write fanfics! I'll be adding 'chapters' to this thread every so often; they might be sequels of each other or not connected at all, but I'll make sure each one is labelled properly. My main focus will be on game- or animated series featuring cute characters who—obviously—find themself in situations where their bladders are full.

If that sounds like something up your alley, put down a suggestion below and I might get to writing it! First up will be a fanfic based on the Undertale universe; soon to come....

*001*2020-02-16 19:26

Undertale: Volume 1, Chapter 1

Alright... I'm gonna do it; I'm... gonna—

Alphys' train of thought was cut off by Undyne returning from her patrol as she shot a trademark smile to Alphys. "Hey, Alphy!" Alphys flinched upon Undyne's return and instinctively began to pretend to work on something as her tail swished in a small circle in response to Undyne's greeting. "H-Hey, Undyne...."

Undyne glanced curiously in the direction of Alphys' work before shrugging her shoulders dismissively while she walked to her bedroom and began to remove her armour. After this, having been on a relatively long patrol, Undyne made her way to the bathroom-door resting one hand on the doorknob just as she was interrupted by Alphys. "Uhm... W-Wait, Undyne, could you hold it for a second?"

"Yeah, what is it?" Undyne recognized an urgent tone in Alphys' voice quickly making her way back to Alphys as a small blue spear appeared in one hand. Alphys turned back to face Undyne noticing the spear she had summoned as her face flushed deeply and her tail tucked softly between her legs indicating no reason for alarm. "Just, uhm... can we t-talk—?"

"Of course we can, Alphy...." With this, Undyne caringly led Alphys to the couch in the middle of her living-room taking a gentle seat next to her. "Something on your mind?"

"Y-Yes... Could you—uhm—If I... were to ask you—" Alphys' face quickly flushed much further as her tail twitched erratically between her legs and she adjusted her position uncomfortably in front of Undyne. Undyne acknowledgingly remained quiet for a few moments before making a small motion to encourage Alphys to speak as she prodded, "You gotta get... a li'l bit more than that out, Alphy..."

"Do you think y-you could, uhm... keep... holding it—?"

"Pardon?" Undyne raised an eyebrow slightly to Alphys as Alphys' evident embarrassment heightened yet further and she leaned slightly closer to Undyne. "I-I... can't expand on why, but... c-could you... hold—?" Alphys demonstratively brought one hand to Undyne's lower stomach carefully applying a small amount of pressure to Undyne's bladder to complete her thought. Undyne appeared not to recognize this apart from a slight twitch of her leg and she remained in thought for a few moments before clarifying; "You... —That's all? Just... 'holding it?'" Alphys nodded her head gently and her face could practically be felt burning red as Undyne hesitated slightly before nodding affirmatively to Alphys. "That's... not what I was expecting, but I can... certainly do that for you."

Alphys appeared not to have expected this either as she rested a hand softly against Undyne's body clarifying in simpler terms; "Y-Yes—?" Undyne glanced up to Alphys looking her in the eyes and nodding gently once more as Alphys leaned happily against Undyne seeming to find an odd excitement in this. Undyne smiled lightly and playfully adjusted Alphys' position before beginning to rub Alphys' back with one hand to calm her evidently slightly out-of-control excitement.

Once this was taken care of, Alphys sat upright before kneeling curiously next to Undyne as her tail continued to wag slowly. "So... h-how... —how long, do you think—?"

"Hm? How long I can...—?" Undyne demonstratively pressed her legs gently against each other completing her thought as Alphys nodded another time to her. "I... don't have any sort of numbers I can give you, but I..." Undyne glanced to her bladder before separating her legs indicating that her urge was mild at most. "... can't imagine it's 'interesting' yet, and I can... let you know when it is."

"Then... —fine, f-for now—?" Alphys returned to Undyne and applied a light pressure to Undyne's bladder once more as Undyne nodded another time allowing this. Alphys' tail resumed wagging enthusiastically as she sat comfortably next to Undyne wrapping her arms around her and seeming to find a deep enjoyment in what was yet a trivial task for Undyne. Soon, once this excitement had gone down somewhat, Alphys glanced between Undyne and her bladder as her tail subconsciously pointed towards a case of bottles of water that was resting in one corner of the room. "C-Could you...—?" Undyne's gaze followed Alphys' tail soon landing on the case of water as she smirked lightly to Alphys.

"Of course, I could." Standing from the couch and returning with the case after a few moments, Undyne lifted 2 bottles from the case and began to drink from one without any hesitance. "W-Wait, that's- that might be a lot of water for..." Undyne stopped drinking for a few moments to allow Alphys to think. "... someone w-who... isn't a fish—carry on—" Following this direction, Undyne continued to drink soon emptying the first bottle and subsequently downing the second before she leaned comfortably back in her seat. Alphys leaned happily against Undyne once more and Undyne continued to rub Alphys' back softly as she turned on the TV for some entertainment while the water made its way through her system.

After some time, it came to Alphys' attention that Undyne's body appeared to be incredibly efficient with its use of water; what seemed nearly to be the entirety of the two bottles' worth had filtered through to Undyne's bladder which was now bulging slightly from her lower stomach. "U-Uhm... Undyne—?"

"Yes?" Alphys cautiously adjusted her position bringing herself away from Undyne's stomach and glancing unsurely to Undyne's bladder as her tail twitched slightly. "Do you need to... m-move—?"

"Not really." Undyne stretched her body gently in place taking a few moments to shift her weight given her small range of freedom to move though she surprisingly didn't appear to be affected by her bladder in the slightest. Alphys' eyes widened towards Undyne and she took some time to process this before carefully returning to her position as she made a small dismissive motion. "Carry on, then...."

After a short pause, Alphys' tail reached around her and poked gently at the previously-emptied bottles of water.

"... C-Could you... do that again—?"

*004*2020-02-18 23:16

{{8 hours ago, Imouto Kitten said:

Since you're open to requests, I might have some ideas for you, but would you mind listing some of the series you might consider writing fanfiction of so I don't waste either of our time with ideas for stuff you're unfamiliar with or uninterested in writing?

}}

That makes sense ^^

Open Series:

- Undertale / Deltarune (done previously; open to suggestions for secondary storylines)

- Mario (open to events taking place in any game though strong preference towards female or androgynous characters)

- Sonic (similar to above)

- Most games represented in Smash Bros. (unfamiliar with Fire Emblem and preference to female characters)

- Night in the Woods

- FNaF (not familiar with lore but open to involving characters from games)

There are other possibilities!

These are only a few off of the top of my head, but the ones I have listed should set the scene for which types of series I can write. I may write some stories involving your OC's as long as enough source-material is available.

*005*2020-02-23 13:54

Undertale: Volume 1, Chapter 2

Later that night...

Undyne rolled calmly onto her back across her bed as her bladder—which was now swollen heavily with the... however-many bottles of water Alphys had asked Undyne to drink in her fascination—sloshed audibly following the motion prompting Alphys' tail to resume wagging furiously. Alphys soon climbed onto the bed next to Undyne wrapping her arms lovingly around her as her tail continued to thump steadily against the mattress. Undyne rested a hand against Alphys' body in return rubbing her side gently until Alphys' tail had calmed. "Well... good night, Alphy."

"I—uh—g-good night to you, too—" Alphys kept her arms around Undyne happily holding her body closer together with Undyne's as her face remained flushed. Undyne soon fell asleep just as usual seeming not to have a care in the world about the pressurized mass of urine just beneath the surface of her lower stomach. Alphys' tail wagged affectionately another few times before she held herself closer beginning to nuzzle Undyne as she drifted to her own sleep.

The next morning, Undyne was woken on-time but somewhat rudely by a wave of pressure from her bladder. Just as she had yesterday, Undyne fought off this wave without any trouble, though she was prompted to awaken as she attempted to roll out of bed but felt a familiar amount of weight covering her body preventing her from doing so. "... Hey, Alphy...?"

"Hm—?" Alphys produced a small sound from the back of her throat in response to Undyne's words though she appeared to remain firmly asleep as her tail swished in a light circle behind herself. Undyne nodded gently and resumed petting Alphys softly for another length of time before Alphys opened her eyes as well turning to face Undyne. "Oh—good morning!"

Alphys sat upright from her position inadvertently settling her entire weight over Undyne's bladder for a few seconds as one of Undyne's legs instinctively kicked for a moment. "W-What—? Oh, right—S-Sorry—!" Alphys quickly rolled to her side off of Undyne and her tail tucked nervously between her legs as Undyne's leg returned to its resting position seeming to indicate that she had just as easily overcome this amount of pressure. Alphys stared dumbfounded at Undyne's bladder for a length of time in response to this feat before her gaze shifted to Undyne as she spoke unsurely; "... D-Do you, uhm... think you could get to the lab, today—?" Undyne's attention perked to Alphys in return and she paused in thought for a few moments before nodding softly as she moved to stand from the bed. Alphys enthusiastically stood from the bed as well and happily began to lead Undyne to her lab as her tail resumed wagging lovingly.

Once the two had arrived, Alphys allowed Undyne into the lab and dimmed the lights setting—or at least attempting to set—somewhat more of a romantic mood than was usually found in a laboratory. Undyne looked around the lab appreciating this change as her mouth curled to a light smile and her attention returned to Alphys. "What're we doing here, then...?"

"I—uh—I-I... want to know the limit—I r-really do—" Alphys' tail heightened in its wagging tapping the floor several times behind herself as her eyes met Undyne's hopefully. "Well, it sounds like... this is your space to do that, so... you can get to work—"

Before Undyne had finished speaking, Alphys already appeared to be busy with an idea.

*008*2020-06-04 19:41

{{11 hours ago, Omo luna said:

Since you mentioned Mario how do you feel about a fanfic for wendy o koopa

}}

I haven't done anything with her character in the past but I'd be glad to give it a shot ^^

*010*2020-06-04 20:49

{{50 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Sweet cause I would love to see a fanfic of wendy o koopa having a bladder bulge and I have one art of her with a bladder Bulge from bombality

}}

Do you have any ideas for a specific scenario to make that happen?

*013*2020-06-04 21:57

{{40 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Btw do you have discord

}}

Yes I do ^^ details on their way

*015*2020-06-04 22:05

{{1 hour ago, Omo luna said:

I have two scenarios one is punishment and the second is seeing how long she can last

}}

Both of those sound like enjoyable ideas ^^ would you care to elaborate slightly on both?

