On Call

Author: Oshi.K.Ko

*000*2025-04-02 22:09

CHAPTERS COMPLETE: 3/3

[Heya heya! This is my first time writing in a while, so feedback is always appreciated! It got a bit long, so I’m splitting it into chapters. ALSO, THIS IS NOT THAT JAYCE, THIS IS AN ORIGINAL CHARACTER, PLEASE SPARE ME. I hope you enjoy!!!]

(Chapter 3 contains sex, and is mostly focused on diaper play.)

Chapter 1: The Home Part

The sun shone through the large windows of Jayce’s downtown apartment, a beautiful day. In contrast, Jayce sat uncomfortably at his kitchen’s bar table. He watched as his lovely fiance Rebecca prepared his lunch, just as she instructed.

This was the beauty of their relationship, or at least Jayce certainly seemed to think so. Rebecca was an aspiring bodybuilder, who needed the gym like she needed air. Despite her obviously defined muscles, she still had a gorgeous paunch of belly fat that Jayce absolutely adored. Jayce, on the other hand, was thin as could be. His delicate frame nurtured by years of eating one meal a day, and a painfully monotonous office job. Though, once Rebecca entered his life, Jayce found his days to be a lot more interesting.

“A boring ‘ol lettuce and cheese sandwich, for my boring ‘ol sweetie~” Rebecca teased as she put the packaged sandwich into Jayce’s lunch bag.

Jayce responded with a small ‘tsk’, watching as his fiance turned back to the fridge. “You still agreed to marry me~” He teased back.

With a laugh, Rebecca closed the fridge, and walked over to give Jayce a kiss on the head. “I guess I have as bad a taste in men as you do in lunches~”

After a beat, Rebecca dramatically slammed a giant bottle of iced tea on the counter, and Jayce swore he felt the soul leave his body.

“Beck, there’s no way-”

“I guess you’ll have to use it then~~”

Just the week before, Jayce had expressed his interest in using diapers for, what he’d call, ‘their intended purpose’. He wasn’t that big of an exhibitionist, but the idea of leaking uncontrollably in public excited him. However, this current morning Jayce got a call to come in to work to present some project in a coworker’s stead. He was prepared to call their diaper scene off, but Rebecca didn’t want the previous night’s preparation to go to waste.

It wasn’t the plan to get desperate at work of all places, but Rebecca’s excitement, along with his own desire, convinced him to at least give it a try.

“I- I’m not gonna need it….” Jayce tried to retort sternly, but his whole face was flushed. “I’m gonna hold it until I get home this afternoon, you know I have a strong bladder.”

Rebecca had a lopsided smirk on her face. “Hehe, I’m sure you will~” She walked over to their couch to retrieve the two diapers she had prepared to pack for Jayce. “Take ‘em, just in case you’re gonna have an accident, okay?”

The idea of taking a diaper with him was humiliating enough, but two? Jayce groaned, and begrudgingly took the diapers, but set one on the counter. “Fine. But I’m only taking one!” He huffed playfully, though still in embarrassment.

“Alright, deal.” Rebecca laughed. It was so adorable how her fiance acted so confident, for what a small guy he was. She pulled him into a hug, tilting his face up to give him a kiss. Right when Jayce felt his body heating up, Rebecca pulled away.

“Come on, now. Let’s relieve a little bit of your poor morning bladder before work~” Her hand drifted down Jayce’s side to caress his abdomen, where his bladder was slightly bulging from his lithe frame. With a shiver, and a quick nod, Rebecca guided Jayce to the bathroom.

Jayce’s member was aimed at the toilet for him, a few drops falling to the floor from the anticipation, before a stronger stream hit the toilet water.

“Aww~ Had to go that bad?”

“Shut uppp….” Jayce groaned in embarrassment, though there was a small smile on his face.

“You’re so lucky I’m so nice, you know~” Rebecca leaned in closer to Jayce’s ear. “Letting you pee a little before work~”

The soft yet teasing words made Jayce’s heart flutter. His face began to heat up, partly from the relief. Though, just as it started feeling nice, his urethra was pinched closed. Jayce scrunched up his face, and whined as he tried to fight the burning need to push more pee out.

“But don’t let that make you greedy~” With another kiss to her fiancé’s damp forehead, Rebecca tucked Jayce back into his pants.

“Alrighty! Time to go! You don’t wanna be late~” Rebecca’s switch to her usual cheery self was jarring, to say the least. But it was part of what Jayce loved about her the most.

“Ye- yeah. Yeah!” He cleared his throat, still trying to regain his composure. He shifted uncomfortably as his belt pressed down on his still half-full bladder. It was a strange sensation, leaving the house without fully relieving himself. But he couldn’t lie that the idea of not being guaranteed a bathroom was appealing.

Jayce grabbed his lunch and his bag, while Rebecca handed him the bottle of iced tea. “Don’t forget, I want it all gone before you leave work~”

Eyeing the bottle, Jayce’s resolve faltered for a moment. But when he looked back up at his dear fiancé, her excited expression gave him just a bit more confidence. “Of course. Anything for my soon-to-be wife~~”

“Make sure to keep me updated on how you’re doing~” Rebecca pulled Jayce in for one more hug.

“I will.”

“I want every little detail too!”

“I know, you big perv~”

They shared one more kiss, before Jayce rushed off to catch his bus.

Chapter 2: The Long Work Part

30 minutes to presentation

Sitting on your ass all day for work sucked, though at this moment, it was a blessing in disguise. Jayce had gone through less than half of his iced tea, and was already feeling the effects hitting him.

There would be moments where he would get invested in his work, and begin to unconsciously squirm. Some of his coworkers had noticed his strange behaviour, though he managed to convince them he was just antsy from being still.

After a few embarrassing slip ups of the aforementioned nature, Jayce decided that he had done all he needed to prepare for the presentation.

A ping sounded from his phone a few minutes later.

<[ How’s my favorite lil workaholic?~ ]

Seeing Rebecca’s words on the screen brought a smile to his face.

[ Gotta piss so fucking bad ]>

Just the admission sent a pang through Jayce’s bladder, and he stifled a wince. He began fanning his legs, trying to keep in the flood trying to escape.

<[ Poor thingg~~ ]

<[ Did u finish the tea? ]

Fuck. He was hoping she had forgotten.

Jayce looked over at the bottle of iced tea, just a bit over half finished.

[ I’m gonna piss myself, Beck ]>

<[ Good thing u have protection~ ]

Heat rose in Jayce’s cheeks, and he looked over at his bag, knowing the adult diaper sat hidden under some binders. He gasped as he felt a leak drip into his briefs, and slammed his legs shut. Making sure no one was looking this time, he slipped a hand between his legs, squeezing himself and rocking in his chair.

Despite feeling his bladder being painfully pressed down by his belt, he continued to convince himself that he didn’t need the diaper.

[ I don’t need it. ]>

<[ Suit yourself prettyboy~ ]

<[ Just make sure that bottle’s empty ]

<[ N don’t think about rivers ]

<[ Or waterfalls ]

<[ Or the water sloshing around the watercooler ]

<[ Or-

Jayce shut his phone off, groaning. He leaned back, but quickly found that his bladder was far too full to recline comfortably. He sat up stiffly, and eyed the bottle of iced tea.

The condensation dripping down the sides was like torture, the fullness of the bottle intimidating him. He took a deep breath, and picked up the bottle, tearing his hand away from his crotch just long enough to open the cap.

“Let’s get this over with….” Jayce mumbled, then quickly tipped the bottle into his mouth, drinking the iced tea down as fast as he could. He could feel each gulp travel down his esophagus, and settle heavily in his stomach. It felt like every organ in his body was painfully weighing on his bladder. He squeezed his crotch in a death grip, though still releasing a few more drips.

‘I can make it, I can make it….’ He repeated in his head.

5 minutes to presentation

Jayce could no longer focus on his work. All he could think about was his rock hard bladder, like his head was full of pee as well. His abdomen was sticking out of him, so far that he had to reluctantly loosen his belt. He was hunched over his desk, sitting straight becoming painful, with both hands glued to his crotch. He thanked whatever god out there that his coworkers had decided to leave him alone at this point, because he didn’t know what he’d say to convince them he wasn’t absolutely dying for a piss.

There was some commotion coming from the front desk. Jayce rolled his chair to the end of his cubicle to look out, in time to spot Quinn, one of his coworkers, rushing over to the meeting room. That was the bastard he was here to cover! He supposed that since he was no longer needed, he could simply rush back home.

A feeling of relief washed over Jayce, though short lived as he had nearly leaked. He squeezed his legs shut in his chair for a moment, praying that his muscles gave him just enough strength to get home. He grabbed his things and rushed towards the door. But before he could pass the threshold, a firm hand grabbed his shoulder.

“Where do you think you’re running off to?”

It was Jayce’s boss…. He was a tall, large man that easily scared the shit out of Jayce. He had even felt a small spurt of pee leak into his briefs the moment the smaller man turned around.

“Uhm… home, sir!” His voice broke, and he cleared his throat. “Quinn just arrived on ti-”

“Ah!” The boss interrupted, his loud voice startling more piss out of Jayce. “He was supposed to tell you! This presentation’s gonna be a two man job! Since you’re here, and already prepared ....” The boss leaned down, winking jovially at Jayce. Despite how friendly he liked to act, everyone in the office knew what a petulant hard ass he could be.

Swallowing the anger and desperation down, Jayce nodded in compliance. “Of course, sir….”

“Good man!” He patted Jayce’s shoulder. He paused for a moment, looking down at the bulge clear in the smaller man’s abdomen. “Been putting on weight, huh? Good for you.”

Jayce’s face turned red as a tomato, now acutely aware that his bladder bulge was noticeable. Before he could make an excuse, the boss had turned around to saunter off to the meeting room. So Jayce took the time he had left to sneak off to the bathroom.

4 minutes to presentation

Thank god no one was in there. Jayce ripped his belt off, shoving his hand into his pants, and quickly shuffling into a stall. He winced at how wet his briefs felt, and shifted his pants down to assess the damage.

The entire front of his underwear was soaked, some damp spots trailing down, leaving evidence of where his cock had been when he leaked. Though, when he checked his pants…. There was a small damp spot, right between his legs. The revelation made his cock stiffen. It had just hit him that he was beginning to pee his pants in public. How long had that stain been there? Could his boss have seen it? His coworkers?

3 minutes to presentation

Another ping from his phone snapped Jayce out of his thoughts.

<[ Heyheyhey!!! ]

<[ U finish the tea? ]

<[ Gonna keep bugging till u do ]

Jayce wrapped his free hand around his cock, rubbing the top with his thumb. Though his boner helped keep his bladder under control, he still felt desperate enough to start pee dancing.

[ Yea ]>

[ Desperate ]>

It was a struggle typing with one, shaky hand. He was sure Rebecca could tell.

<[ So cuuuuute! ]

<[ How bad is it? ]

Jayce bit his lip, giving himself a few strokes before reluctantly letting himself go. He held out his phone, taking a slightly shaky picture of the front of his briefs, then hit send.

It took a bit for Rebecca to respond.

<[ Woaw. ]

<[ Strong bladder, huh? ]

Jayce rolled his eyes fondly, then quickly went back holding himself and dancing in place.

[ Too much ]>

[ Drink ]>

<[ Are u gonna make it? ]

2 minutes to presentation

Fuck.

He had gotten so caught up in his desperation, that he had briefly forgotten about the stupid presentation. He felt a leak squeeze through his tip, and fall to the floor. His eyes widened, finally taking in the sight of the toilet in front of him. He was here… he could let go now. Even just a bit of relief would be heavenly.

[ No. ]>

Rebecca’s text bubble popped up and disappeared a few times at that response. Jayce’s heart pounded, the anticipation like agony.

<[ Hey been thinking…. Don’t feel pressured to do this okay? I mean, it’s hot as fuck, but I don’t want you embarrassing yourself at your job. We can always save this for another day. ]

<[ I just realized I sounded pushy this morning ]

That’s why he fell in love with Rebecca. She was a huge perv sometimes, but Jayce never once questioned if she loved him. It made him want to cry.

He looked down at his bag, remembering the contents just beneath his work binders…. Maybe he wanted to be pushed out of his comfort zone, if only for today.

1 minute to presentation

Rebecca sat in her car just outside the gym, her head leaning against the window. Jayce still hadn’t responded to her, and she was getting worried that he was mad at her.

Finally, the chime of her phone sounded, and she dove for it. She had expected a message, something like ‘We’re not doing this again’, or ‘we’ll talk at home’. Definitely not a picture of Jayce with his pants undone, revealing the diaper she had given him hidden beneath.

“Oh lord.”

0 minutes to presentation

Jayce shuffled into the meeting room, trying to mask the crinkling of his diaper as much as possible. Thankfully the chatter around the table seemed to cover up any other sounds.

Sitting down was a bit of a hassle. Jayce’s instinct was to keep his legs shut, though they began pressing into his bladder as he moved into a sitting position. He sucked in a breath, and lowered himself onto the chair with his legs spread.

The band of the diaper pressed right into Jayce’s bladder as he changed positions, which forced a long stream of pee out. He squeaked, trying to snap his legs shut, only for the pressure on his bladder to increase tenfold, and forced a harder squirt out. He spread his legs again, using only his muscles to clamp his urethra shut. Thankfully, the stream eventually stopped on its own.

Before Jayce could breathe a sigh of relief, the boss’ booming voice brought everyone’s attention, scaring another spurt out of him.

“Excellent! I’d like to thank our shareholders for coming all the way here!”

As the boss prattled on about numbers and whatnot, Jayce tried his best not to squirm. He squeezed his muscles shut for as long as he could, then inevitably had to relax them. Squeeze, and relax, squeeze, and relax. It became nearly hypnotic, clenching down as he felt the burn of pee trying to escape his overfilled bladder, then the relief as the wave of desperation subsided somewhat.

Squeeze, and relax. Squeeze…

“Yo.”

And… relax.

“Hey…!”

A small nudge to his arm snapped Jayce out of his trance, the loss of rhythm causing him to leak a bit more.

“What??” Jayce snapped back at Quinn, keeping his voice low enough as to not be noticed.

“Easy, dude.” Quinn whispered back. “I uh… I didn’t bring my cue cards, you got any?”

Of fucking course. Quinn was forgetful, and irresponsible. To top it all off, he was shameless as well. There were rumors that he was messing around with the boss, which Jayce believed. There was no way he could keep his job otherwise.

“Just-” Jayce pinched the bridge of his nose. He had been hoping, just this once, that Quinn would get enough of his shit together to do the presentation in equal amounts, just so he could focus on holding. Wishful thinking. “Let me do the talking….”

“Really?” Quinn smiled, though Jayce ignored him. “You rock, dude.”

Each of the shareholders spoke their piece, and Jayce watched on as the boss tried to joke with them awkwardly. Their conversations slowly became agonizing, as the anxiety of his coming presentation churned his stomach, and wasn’t too kind to his bladder either.

Each lull in the conversation spiked Jayce’s heart rate, which made his bladder contract. His squeeze and relax method was no longer working, the ‘relax’ portion causing a small leak each time. His face must have been burning at that point, though no one commented.

He considered letting a little out on purpose, for just a taste of relief. He brushed a hand over his abdomen, feeling the curve of his bladder descend just above his navel. It sent a shiver down his spine, just how much he was holding. He wondered if he should measure how much was in him as soon as he got home… they had an old mop bucket in their closet, would he overflow it? Shit, that would be hot-

“BOYS!”

Jayce practically jumped out of his seat, startled once more by his boss’ loud voice. He stood up with his back straight, accidentally squishing his bladder with the movement. He bit back a cry of pain, as a huge gush was forced out of him, and hit the padding. It was loud. Loud enough that a few of the shareholders looked around for a leak.

The boss laughed. “Look at ‘ol Jake! Always so jumpy!”

Some of the men around the table gave him a pity laugh. Jayce bit his tongue, suppressing the urge to correct him and storm out of there.

“Cool, cool. So we got this presentation.” Quinn spoke up, nudging Jayce. He bit his tongue at his coworker’s painfully informal tone.

Jayce set up his projector. Predictably, by himself. Quinn stood beside him the whole time, trying to showboat the whole thing to look helpful.

Eventually, Jayce had to bend down to plug in the projector, just the thought of the action sending a shiver up his spine. He sucked in a breath, and decided to get it over with as fast as possible.

He leaned down slowly, tears pricking at his eyes as his bladder began to get squished between his legs. Pee burned at his tip, and trickled out beyond his control. Suppressing a yelp, Jayce quickly moved down to a squatting position in an attempt to ease the pressure.

Big mistake.

A steady stream of pee began leaking out of Jayce’s bladder, hitting the padding below faster than it could absorb it. He grit his teeth, fumbling awkwardly with the cord as he tried to stop the stream, but to no avail. He was peeing. He was peeing in his diaper, and he couldn’t stop it. A rush of thoughts went through his head, like what if he decided to be too stubborn, and refused to wear the protection? Would he be wetting his pants right now? In front of his boss, in front of Quinn, in front of all these rich and powerful men….

Finally shoving the plug in, Jayce shot up, his huge leak stopping as the extra pressure was relieved. He looked around the room, everyone seemed preoccupied with Quinn’s antics. Thank god.

The projector whirred to life, and the presentation was casted onto the back wall. Quinn decided to grab the remote, changing slides when need be. Or when need not be, to Jayce’s continued annoyance.

The presentation went by easily. Jayce was experienced in his field, and knew how to speak with elegance. Though, he wasn’t without stutters and slip ups this time around. Occasionally, his bladder would spasm and contract, dripping more leaks into the already soaked padding beneath him. It brought his mind back to the fact he was at work of all places, standing before people that could make or break his career, wearing a diaper just beneath his thin pants, and actively wetting it. It was… exhilarating.

Just like that, the presentation was over. It received nods across the room, and the boss breathed a sigh of relief. Both workers returned to their seats. Jayce had gotten somewhat used to the fullness of his bladder after his many leaks, and plopped down on his chair with ease this time.

*Squish*

Jayce’s heart nearly jumped out of his chest. The diaper beneath him squished around his legs and crotch, its drenched padding somehow caressing him in all the right ways. He looked around the room, everyone’s focus was on the boss once more.

Would it be such a bad idea if….

*Squish*

Jayce rocked his hips, his cock stiffening from the sensations.

*Squish* *Squish* *Squelch*

He continued, the feeling unlike anything he had felt before, the dull ache of his bladder only adding to his arousal. Was he really doing this…? Masturbating at work. He was really becoming as big of a perv as Rebecca….

*Swsh* *Squelch* Squ-*

“EXCELLENT!” The boss bellowed out suddenly, standing and shaking hands. Everyone else was standing… the meeting was over! Jayce felt like he could cry, and stood as well.

A cold sensation hit his bottom half, and Jayce’s face went pale. He looked down, a blatant wet patch stained between his legs. Now he wanted to cry for a different reason. The chair beneath him was soaked as well, and he could only imagine the damage beneath his butt. He quickly sat back down, praying everyone would leave quickly so he could make his escape.

“What’re ya doing just sittin’ there, Jeremy?” The boss questioned Jayce, still frustratingly getting his name wrong. “You don’t wanna look rude in front of the big dogs.”

“I… uh.” Jayce was completely flustered, trying to figure out a good excuse. “No- you see, I-”

“He’s gonna help me clean up!” Quinn suddenly interjected, much to Jayce’s shock. “You guys head out, we’ll make sure the room’s spick ‘n span for the next meeting!”

The boss’ brows raised, and a placid smile grew on his face. “Ain’t you two sweet!” He laughed, stepping out of the room. “Carry on then! But don’t be too long.”

Both employees relaxed slightly as the boss closed the door.

“Uhm… Quinn, could you-”

“Don’t even worry about it, dude.” Quinn leaned down, digging into his bag. He Pulled out an old sweater, handed it to Jayce, and turned around. “Use that to cover the wet spot ‘n get out of here.”

“Wait, I d- how did you…” Jayce took the sweater gratefully, tying it around his waist.

“You think you’re the only one pissin’ yourself here?” The relaxed man chuckled, turning back around. “I keep an empty bottle on hand just in case! Boss man doesn’t take kindly to breaks, you know how it is.”

Jayce nodded, deciding to keep the fact he got this desperate on purpose to himself. “Th… thanks, Quinn.” He muttered, his opinion of his coworker beginning to change.

“Now git!” Quinn yelled playfully, shoving Jayce out the door.

*001*2025-04-05 21:48

Chapter 3: The SEX Update

Walking proved to be difficult for Jayce, the heft of his diaper forcing his legs apart into an awkward waddle. His half-full bladder had the chance to refill again, and eventually he was leaking with every step. They quickly added up, as he felt a leak begin dripping down his leg. He cursed his stubbornness that morning, over refusing the second diaper. He never thought he’d need a diaper change. He was a goddamn adult!

After a few more minutes of awkward speed-waddling, Jayce made it to the elevator, which was empty, thank god. He hastily pressed the bottom floor, and started bouncing his weight from foot to foot.

His heart nearly stopped at the weight of his diaper. Jayce pulled the sweater to the side, and saw how low it began to sag, nearly to his knees even from under his work pants. He pulled the sweater back down, though it no longer covered the full bulge of his saturated diaper.

“Fuuuck…. Fuck!” Jayce’s mind was racing now, the panic making him dribble against the overflowing padding. How was he going to ride the bus like this? He’d have to stand, since his diaper would leak more from the pressure. But then everyone else riding would get a good look at the bulge….

The elevator door opened to the building’s parking lot, and Jayce could swear he was walking through the gates of heaven.

A large green jeep sat parked near the elevator, Rebecca sitting in the driver’s seat with the window rolled down.

“Hey baby, thought I’d- holy shit!” She caught a glimpse of Jayce’s predicament, and a wide smile grew on her face.

“I- I couldn’t… uh….” Jayce’s face heated up once more, and he covered it.

“No shit!” Rebecca teased, hopping out of the car. She walked around to open the back door, then noted Jayce’s fidgeting. “No way, do you still have to go??”

There was an awkward pause, then Jayce nodded from behind his hands. “P… please…. Let’s get home fast….”

“You regret taking just the one now?” Rebecca smirked.

“Beck!” Jayce’s face only got more red, which Rebecca adored.

“Hey, I’m just teasing~ But….” She leaned into the back seat, and pulled out a fresh diaper. “Looks like you’re gonna need a change first~”

Jayce’s eyes went wide, and he looked around. The parking lot was devoid of life, save for the two of them. Still, the thought of needing to be changed in semi-public was humiliating. Then again, he was in desperate need of a change. Along with the fact that his full bladder was inevitably going to leak, he really had no other option.

When Rebecca received a nod, she happily scooped Jayce up, throwing him into the back seat, on a towel she had laid out. The diaper sloshed, and Jayce felt the weight of his mess press against his heavily, some leaks even coming from the top.

“Damn!” Rebecca chuckled, admiring the sheer size of Jayce’s mess. She pressed a hand into the front of his diaper, watching as more leaks bloomed through the leg holes. She also didn’t miss the way Jayce shivered at the contact.

“Oh…? Does that feel good?~” She pressed her hand in again, rubbing the drenched padding up and down.

Biting his lip, Jayce arched into Rebecca’s touch. “Fuck!” He snapped his hips up, grinding against the pressure. His full bladder was forgotten as his cock stiffened, now searching for another kind of release.

“And you call me the perv!” Rebecca undid Jayce’s soaked pants, moving them down to reveal the saturated padding. She sunk both hands into it, letting the mess pool onto the towel beneath them. “Yet here you are… grinding into your own mess~~”

It was like instinct now, as Jayce felt every inch of the diaper rub him just right. He was a mess of moans and mewls, barely able to think.

“Bet this feels soooooooo good, huh? And this morning, you didn’t even wanna think of wearing a diaper.” Rebecca continued to tease in the way she knew Jayce loved. “We’re gonna have to put you in one more often~ You look so good like this~~”

It was a combination of Rebecca’s teasing words, and the ache in his bladder that sent Jayce over the edge. He dug his nails into whatever he could, and cried out. His release joined the rest of his mess within the padding, while Rebecca worked him through his orgasm.

Jayce fell boneless against the seat, the only thing stopping his bladder from gushing was his still softening erection.

“Fuck….” Rebecca whispered, breathless from the show. She stroked Jayce’s leg in a comforting way. “That was insane, babe.”

“Igottapee.”

“Right! Right.” With strangely practiced motions, Rebecca pulled the tabs of Jayce’s diaper off, and disposed of the soiled protection in a garbage bag she brought.

In the middle of cleaning him off, Jayce began to dribble. “Hold it for a sec, hon!”

“Mmmnnh….” Jayce’s face scrunched up, and his efforts stopped the stream for only a moment, before pee began squirting back out.

Thankfully, Rebecca managed to quickly slip the fresh diaper underneath Jayce before too much more damage was done. She gently taped up the diaper, watching as Jayce continued to leak uncontrollably into his fresh padding.

“Looks like you’re gonna need another change when we get home~” She teased, earning a groan from Jayce.

“I… don’t know what came over me….” He muttered, reaching down to feel the newly warmed padding. He shivered as it pressed against his member once more.

“Hehe~ Looks like you’re gonna need to be in diapers for today.” Rebecca had a cheeky smile on her face, as she bundled up the soaked towel, throwing it on the car’s floor.

“So embarrassing….” Jayce muttered, covering his face with his hands. “But god… it ended up feeling really good…. I mean, all of it….”

“Glad to hear that, cuz you look adorable in dips~” Rebecca lifted Jayce’s weak form into her arms, carrying him over into the passenger seat.

Jayce groaned, leaning his head on the window as Rebecca got in the passenger seat. He was silent for a moment, as Rebecca began driving home. “I’m sorry I couldn’t uh… couldn’t hold it for you… y’know, long enough to get home….”

A strong hand gripped Jayce’s shoulder, rubbing it soothingly. “Gonna be real with you, Jayce. That might have been the wettest I’ve ever gotten.” That got a snicker out of the both of them.

“Thanks… for uh… for always pushing me out of my comfort zone, hon…. Life wouldn’t be fun without you.

That warmed Rebecca’s heart, as she glanced over at her darling fiance. “I love you so much.”

“I love you too.”

