Short Story - Online Interview Incontinence

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2023-11-12 08:59

Story #10! Enjoy!

_______

Mali [F] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

_______

On this day, our girlboss protagonist Mali is scheduled for an online interview for an important office job that will really help her and her boyfriend out financially. Only, things don't go as according to Mali's plan. (Shocking, isn't it?)

It's morning, around 9:30 AM, and Mali's heart is unsteady. Her interview is at 2:00 PM and she is naturally a nervous creature. She begins her day with some herbal tea, and takes her necessary steps to get herself ready. There's only one issue. Anxiety is great at weakening her bladder. Almost every hour she finds the need to relieve herself, regardless of how much fluid she's drank. However, this constant need does also make her thirstier in return, and so she ends up drinking more water throughout the day anyways!

Inevitably, it became 1:30 PM, and it got there quicker than Mali could even imagine. She did her procedures. She went to the bathroom, got a warm mug of tea to soothe her throat as she spoke, and sat down for the meeting. For the remaining time until then, she readies her necessary documents, compiles her thoughts, tidies her space up, so on and so forth. The call was set to last for at most an hour. She was dressed in formal-casual business attire, with jeans for comfort, which was out of sight of the camera.

1:59. In the final minute before things began, Mali nerves were at their height. She wasn't expecting to still be so tense.

That's a bad omen she thought to herself.

And a bad omen it was, for seconds later, she noticed that she was still having bladder tingles. Only a half hour passed since she last used the bathroom, but she already felt concern. All day Mali had been using the bathroom so frequently that her body had gotten used to that rhythm.

Just gotta tough through it she affirmed to herself. No time left to change any outcome.

..."Hi! Can you hear me alright?" A woman said on the other end. And so it began.

At 10 minutes in, Mali sat confidently, concentrating on the questions she was asked intently.

At 20 minutes in, she had drank over half of her tea, and her bladder tingles hand turned into moderate pressure. Mali now had shifted in her seat, not able to sit completely straight. She keeps adjusting herself to keep the pressure off of any one single spot for more than a minute.

At 30 minutes in, Mali could tell that reaching that 1-hour mark was proving to be a challenge, and considering her past, she couldn't expect to reach the end of the meeting totally dry anymore. She was noticeably squirming around on camera, so much that her interviewer commented: "Don't worry Mali, I really do understand what this position means to you, and that can put a lot of stress on you in this evaluation. You're doing fine! You're doing great even. Believe me, half of my previous clients for the position didn't compare to what you're demonstrating to me now. So please do yourself a favor and relax." Mali nodded and said her thanks, but internally knew that she could do anything but relax.

At 40 minutes in, Mali had managed to control her expression but she knew that the final 20 would be bumpy. Her breathing became slow and deliberate, her heartrate becoming inclined. Her bladder region had become tense, filled to the brim with almost all of her tea downed. Her legs were locked onto the ground. She knew she had to do something. As she listened to her superior describe something, she moved her hands to her jeans to unbutton them and alleviate some of the pressure. As she undid her button-

*dripdripdrip*

The sudden expansion of room made her slip and a small leak entered her panties. She took a deep breath in, and carried on.

At 50 minutes in-

*fssh*

Mali had a slight shiver about her. She struggled, but talked through her mission for her position. It's almost over, it's almost over. After she concluded her statement, the woman looked away from her camera, reviewing some information on another screen. While this took place, Mali took action. She planned for things to come to this, and thought ahead. While her interviewer looked away, she shuffled around on camera, only leaving her upper body on screen while she quickly but carefully took off her jeans while seated. A solid damp spot was on her groin. Her stomach was bulging. She tensed up again as she took them off; another larger leak escaped out of her, a small puddle briefly appearing on her chair before being absorbed back into her panties. She finished removing her pants and grabbed the mug from her desk. She shifted forward and positioned herself so any leaks would escape into the mug for the remainder of the interview.

At 55 minutes in, the interviewer was making comments on Mali's overall evaluation, almost like small talk.

*dribble* *sound of trickling water*

"What's that? Is that coming from my end or your end?"

Mali paused for a moment. She then responded "Oh that's the ventilation, we have an old system here..."

"Interesting, didn't know they were water based.

Mali's mug was now once again half full.

At 60 minutes in, the interviewer asked "Any more questions about the position?"

"N-no ma'am."

"Great. Now let me review over potential salaries, terms and conditions over the next intermediate period while we review this conversation, and then you'll be along your way. Just mandatory stuff."

*spurt*

"Over the next week, you'll receive an email regarding blah blah and yatta yatta..."

Mali lost all focus. Her situation grew more desperate by the second. Her panties now remained warm, like a filter through which coffee brews. After two more painful minutes, the mug was near full. And at last-

"Any last questions, comments or concerns?"

"No. Thank you. Ma'am." Mali stuttered over her words trying to maintain composure while her floor was about to be dampened.

"You're free to go then. Have a wonderful day Miss!"

"Y-you too." Mali guided her hand to turn off her camera, her fingers glistening.

The window closed, and Mali stood up just as her mug dripped urine onto her chair.

She set it down, spilling more as she jittered in panic.

*drip* *leak*

Mali darted on her tip toes over to the hallway, drops streaking down her legs as she went. As she took the corner, the floodgates opened.

*ffffssssSHHHH*

After a moment, a torrent flowed from her panties. A moment after that, Mali planted herself on the porcelain throne and grabbed onto its sides as her 90 minute buildup emptied from her tired bladder.

*HSSSHHH*

She finally relaxed after a day of nonstop stress. At a cost, her interview was successful. Her stream steadied after 30 seconds. Afterward, she cleaned up her trail, which she had become good at doing over the past 18 months, and was very thankful that her computer stayed dry when she took her sprint of faith.

###

Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed. If you'd like, check out my other works on my profile, and as always, if you'd like to see Mali or her boyfriend Yuta in a certain scenario, leave a reply and I may make a story out of that one day and credit your idea!

