A Desperate Date With The Enemy Part One Commissioned by Northanon

Author: Ordinaryalien

*000*2023-10-07 06:47

TW for some dubious consent but not full non-con

Where could she be? Marcus wonders scanning the crowded fairground. He fidgets with his disguise, already antsy. Shouldn’t have had all that coffee on the way over, but Marcus knows he needs to keep his wits about him when dealing with a target like the woman nicknamed The Anaconda— one of the most feared operatives of the organization known as PAIN named for both her infamously slippery nature, and well… When he spots her, he is reminded very quickly of the other reason she was given that nickname.

Soft, supple breasts spill out of a tight, lacy black corset, her cleavage bouncing as she walks to the rhythm of her voluptuous swinging hips barely contained in skin-tight leather pants. It had started off as a bit of an in-joke, a reference to that older Nickie Minaj song – “My Anaconda don’t want none unless you got buns, hun.” The curvaceous knockout standing in front of him — real name Rachel Lovehart certainly does not fail to provide on that front… Or any other. Marcus feels his pants tighten a bit.

“Sorry I’m late, darlin’,” she flicks her silky red curls and smiles mischievously, “Traffic was a real bitch. Shall we head in?” Marcus nods eagerly, entranced, then reminds himself he needs to snap out of it. It was a stroke of ridiculously good fortune that one of his team’s operatives managed to find The Anaconda’s dating profile, and even better fortune that they’d managed to trick her into matching with a disguised profile of her nemesis: Marcus Borne, spy for the rival organization STEEL. This might be the only chance he ever has to convince her to take him back to her base in steal the data for Project: Theta, a certain top-secret project that absolutely needs to be stopped. It’s absolutely imperative that he not let himself get distracted… No matter how entrancingly sexy she is.

Once again, he feels a tingle of urgency at the tip of his penis. She wasn’t kidding when she said traffic was a bitch, and three coffees can really catch up with a guy. He shouldn’t let her out of his sight, but would it really be so bad to just jet off to the men’s room real quick? Surely, she wouldn’t leave seconds into a date, would she? “Actually…” He looks to the side sheepishly, “Would you mind terribly if I run off to the gent’s real quick? Then we can get our tickets and head in.”

Much to his surprise, instead of quickly acquiescing, Rachel smirks impishly and shakes her head, she runs a single finger up his arm so lightly it sends a shiver up his spine… And his bladder. “You wouldn’t keep a lady like me waiting, would you?” She pouts, then smiling mischievously, “If I didn’t know better I might think you were trying to leave me already, and I don’t like being stood up. I might just have to go back home.”

Marcus balks at this. What the hell kind of answer is that? Before he can question it too much, though, she pulls him in by the collar for an intoxicating kiss. Her large, squishy breasts press up against his chest, while the curves of her soft stomach press into his own stomach and bladder, giving the latter a painful jolt. She has an overwhelming smell like vanilla, some sort of exotic flower, and sex. By the time she pulls away, giggling playfully, Marcus can scarcely remember his own name let alone what he’d been about to say before. Rachel seems to know she has had this effect on him because she takes him by the hands and repeats her earlier question as though nothing has happened, “Shall we head in?” Marcus is so dazed he can only nod.

About an hour passes while Marcus’ bladder slowly fills more and more, but he’s afraid to ask to go again, for fear he may lose sight of Rachel, and mess up the weeks of planning and subterfuge it took to get to this point.

“Look, Devon! Look how cute!” Devon was the name Marcus gave on his dating profile. He looks up to see what she’s pointing at, and almost immediately regrets it.

At this particular booth, they’re making fresh pineapple juice. Yellow liquid hisses and sloshes around in clear tubes before gushing into little cups carved from the lower half of the pineapples themselves, with cute little umbrellas on top. Marcus feels a pang of urgency wash over him and is forced to cross his legs and bounce in place, resisting the urge to grab his cock outright like he really wants to. Worst of all, there’s a sign on the booth advertising, “All Drinks Free For Anyone Who Can Break The Current Record, Five Drinks in One Minute.”

“I–” Marcus stammers, “I guess I can buy you one if you want, but I think I’ll pass for myself… I still really need to…”

She cuts him off, “Come on, that’s no fun,” she turns down her upper lip sadly, “I want to do the challenge!” Marcus winces imagining having to watch the attendant pour, and Rachel down all those drinks. He almost lets a single drop of hot piss escape his aching pee hole just thinking about it. He groans, and just manages to cut it off before it starts. It’s starting to really hurt to hold all this in, but this is really important. He needs Rachel to have a good time with him here so he can talk his way back to her place to steal that data.

He nods reluctantly, “Okay, Rach. You go ahead! I’ll cheer you on!”

@@She laughs musically. Her perfect breasts bounce as she does, “No, silly! It’s no fun if I do it by myself! We have to do it together! Besides…” She leans in close, her breath hot in his ear as she whispers, “I hear pineapple juice makes your cum taste really, really good,” she licks the tip of his ear playfully, standing on her tiptoes so that the top of her cleavage is inches from his chin. It sends a shiver up his spine and sets his heart pounding in his ear. Marcus is now hyperaware of a sizable tent forming in his pants. She runs a sharp fingernail up his throat, and he gulps and nods. Before he can even fully process what he’s just agreed to, Rachel drags him by the collar to the stand, and says to the attendant, “We will both be trying our hands at that challenge, right, Babe?” Marcus is so turned on he can’t even think straight until the sound and sight of yellow liquid pouring into his cup snaps him out of his trance. He’s caught so off guard that before he can stop it, a hot jet of urine spurts into his pants. He moans and crosses his legs, trying to shift his weight to hide the barely–visible wet spot the size of a dime near the zipper of his pants.

@@“Three, two, one… Drink!” The attendant shouts, pressing down on the button of a stopwatch. It’s the last thing in the world Marcus wants to do right now, but he starts gulping down the juice as quickly as he can. Rachel finishes her first cup moments before him. The sound of the attendant refilling it makes him squirm. Reaching one hand into his pocket, he subtly grabs the head of his penis and gives it a squeeze before he leaks again. Seconds later, despite his desperation, Marcus manages to finish off his first cup. The sound and sight of the second one filling is a fresh wave of torture to his poor aching bladder. Still, he keeps going. Only a couple of sips in, he hears that awful gushing sound again, so painfully close to the sound of what he desperately needs to do himself. Apparently, Rachel is already on her third cup. Marcus can already feel the first cup and a half making their way down into his already painfully stretched bladder, but it’s a matter of pride now. He tips back the cup, a little bit of the yellow liquid dribbling down his chin and braces himself for the sound of another one filling. It doesn’t come, at least not into his cup, because Rachel is apparently already going for her fourth. The attendant gets to him next. Almost done, he thinks. Surely, after all of this drinking Rachel will need to go pretty badly soon, too, and be forced to let him relieve his poor tired bladder when she goes to do the same… Right?

Each cup gets harder to drink than the last for poor Marcus, but he is determined now to match Rachel cup for cup, his competitive nature getting the better of him. After all, Rachel might be his “date” today, but she is his enemy and rival first and foremost.

“Aand time,” the attendant declares, then lets out a low whistle, “And we have not one, but two records set at the same time! Six drinks for the gentleman in the trench coat, and a whopping eight for the little lady with the big…” Rachel raises an eyebrow, “… Personality! Boy oh boy, I would not want to be standing between either of these two and a bathroom, right about now! But before I can let you go, can I trouble you both for a winner’s photo?” Marcus feels another few drops of piss leak past his overworked pee hole, and he shakes his head, trying again to hide the growing damp patch now about the size of a quarter on his tight black jeans.

“We’d be happy to,” Rachel smiles indulgently, then looks down at Marcus’s crotch and raises an eyebrow, “Aw, you poor thing,” she leans in and whispers in his ear again, “Does somebody need to pee-pee?”

Marcus can feel his whole face go red, but he nods, “Y-yeah. Really bad, actually.”

She kisses him again and smiles, “That must be so uncomfortable. You can hang on just a little longer for me though, right? I’d be so sad if after working so hard to win that contest, we didn’t even get to take our picture.”

Marcus gulps and nods reluctantly, “And then I can go to the bathroom?”

Rachel smiles and nods, “Soon, darling. Very soon.” Marcus’ bladder throbs, and he can feel another leak almost spurt out at the knowledge that relief is close.

@@The two get up from their seats and follow the attendant to a cheesy cardboard backdrop with a giant pineapple on it. Marcus’ bladder drops like an overfull water balloon in his abdomen the second he stands. To his horror, he realizes it’s now jutting out several inches past the waistband of his dampened pants. It’s immensely difficult and painful for him, but Marcus manages to find an angle where the suspicious dark spot at the front of his jeans isn’t too obvious. Rachel helpfully stands in front of him, abruptly pressing her sumptuous ass right into his pulsating bladder. Despite his best attempt to stop it, the unexpected and now continuous pressure of her soft, yet firm ass pressing down on his tender, bulging bladder causes him to lose control for several seconds. He moans with pure bliss as his exhausted pee hole relaxes, and a jet of yellow piss sprays out onto the ground. Then, reluctantly he remembers himself, and oh–so–painfully, manages to cut off the flow just a couple of seconds after starting, preventing his still–filling bladder from obtaining any of the real relief it is now begging nonstop for.

“Oh no,” Rachel gives a catlike grin, “I think that photo might’ve been messed up just a little bit. Maybe we should take another one.” Marcus’ straining pee hole throbs in protest, but he agrees. The photographer snaps another photo, but just before he does, Rachel makes a hissing sound in his ear, causing him to squirm uncontrollably. “Oh dear… I think he moved in that one. Let’s try again.”

What should have been no more than a minute of posing winds up taking nearly half an hour, while all of that juice fully catches up with Marcus, replacing every single drop he’s accidentally leaked, and then some.

“Well, that was fun,” Marcus lies, “but now that we are all done taking our victory photos, I guess we’ll both be excusing ourselves to go…”

The red-headed spy grabs him by the arm and laughs, “… To the log flume, right? Oh, we just have to go to the log flume, Devy, before they close down for the day!” Marcus notices Rachel’s drinking is also starting to catch up with her. As she shifts in place, her soft, thick thighs rub together pressing tightly against her leather pants, and her breasts bounce with her movements. Marcus’ desperate cock grows even harder in his jeans. He tries to hide it, but The Anaconda is a trained agent. Nothing escapes her sharp gaze.

“You’re cute when you’re desperate and needy. I bet you really want to come back to my place and have some fun, don’t you?” She whispers in his ear; her lips graze his jawline as she speaks.

Marcus wants that unbelievably badly… For more reasons than one, now. Surely, it wouldn’t be so bad to let her… Have her way with him before he sneaks off and gets those files, right? Instead of saying that, he just nods and lets out a pathetic, whimpery little moan that sounds passably like, “Mm-hm.”

@@The corners of her lips turn up devilishly, “Good. I’d like that, too, but if you want that to happen, we are going to do this my way, understand?” She runs her sharp nails dangerously along his throat. He nods eagerly, “That means we are going to ride the log flume now. Got it? And then, I’ll take you back to my place where I know you won’t try to leave my sight, and then you can use the toilet and piss to your heart’s content right before I fuck your brains out.” Rachel runs her hand slowly down Marcus’ shoulder, then his chest, then his stomach, pressing painfully down on his bladder for only a short moment, before reaching even lower, sliding her hand down his pants and underwear, and gently teasing his throbbing cock with just two fingers. She slowly, gently, draws a little circle around his pee hole with one sharp fingernail, causing him to leak a few drops of precum onto her waiting finger. She pulls her hand out laughing, and slowly sucks the pre-cum off her finger like it’s a tiny little dick. “Do we have a deal?” Marcus gulps and nods, too turned on to even speak. “Good boy!” She grabs him by the hand, her own hand still wet with precum, saliva, and probably a little bit of his piss, too. “Let’s get moving then. That looks like it’s about an hour line, and I really need to piss!” Marcus groans. What did he just sign up for, now?

@@Somehow, in his present condition, Marcus had failed to fully think through the nature of what he just agreed to. He winces and grabs onto his already leaking cock as they hit the back of the line, and Marcus is reminded just what kind of ride this is. The log flume is tall, lined with old-fashioned railing. The sound of screams of gleeful patrons going over the drop is nearly drowned out by the rushing of the waterfall. A water ride. Marcus’ painfully hard and desperate cock does a frantic little dance in his boxers, as it begs him to allow it to make its own much-needed waterfall. That of course, is out of the question, and so with a viselike grip around the head of his own throbbing member with one hand, and the other still clasped in the winding grip of The Anaconda, he waddles pitifully to the back of the line. The sign just in front of the spot they enter at indicates the wait from there to be approximately ninety minutes. One and a half times the wait time he’d been promised, but by now it hardly seems worth arguing.

“Aw, ninety minutes,” Rachel pouts, feigning sympathy, “You poor thing. I know it’s going to be so hard for you to keep all that pee inside for all that time… Especially with this big, giant waterfall gushing down…” At the word gushing, Marcus feels another involuntary droplet of golden liquid form at the tip of his aching cock. He gulps, and squeezes his thighs together with a vengeance until he manages to get it under control as it slowly, torturously traces the head of his cock before soaking into the fabric of his cotton boxers, “It’s like… I bet you wish that big log at the top there was your dick, and all that water flowing down below was your piss finally releasing into my toilet, don’t you?” At this, Marcus can only whimper and nod as he desperately cuts off the flow that has started for only a couple of moments, though it pains him to do so.

“I know you can hold that big, strong bladder for me though, can’t you? I’ll be so lonely if I have to go home all by myself tonight.” Marcus gulps and nods. At this point, he can barely tell what he needs most: those top-secret files that could destroy the world in the wrong hands, relief from the desperate strain of the achingly full, bursting water balloon inside him, or to rip this gorgeously cruel woman’s clothes off her right now and take her… Or perhaps let her take him.

By the time they are near the front of the line, there is a visible wet spot at the front of Marcus’ jeans like somebody spilled about half a cup of lemonade on him. He moans. Why did he have to think about lemonade? Now all he can think of is pitchers of yellow lemonade pouring slowly into little plastic cups. That and the loud roar of the what must be like a million gallons of water desperately racing into the pond below on the ride directly in front of him, of course. The pain in his bladder is already excruciating, and Marcus is completely certain he has never been anywhere near this desperate in his entire life. He does everything he can to tune out the loud, rushing of the waterfall drawing ever closer to him as he moves up the line, but of course the harder he tries not to think about it, the more it’s all he can think about.

@@With every passing second, his brain concocts more and more desperate plans to find relief. Maybe that garbage can over there? Maybe if he orders popcorn, he could eat it all, and then secretly pull his dick out on the ride, and relieve himself just before the drop, then dispose of the evidence before Rachel notices? In his desperation Marcus even finds himself counting out the number of seconds the drop takes, an excruciating exercise as it requires him to not only listen to, but watch the gushing waterfall for several minutes. He watches the ride go for three separate drops and finds each time the drop only takes fifteen seconds. Marcus knows there’s no way on Earth that would be long enough. He wonders if it would even be long enough to make a dent in the agonizing fullness he feels right now. Would it even be possible to do that without getting caught? Marcus knows it’s completely crazy, but he’s so desperate he goes ahead and buys a bucket of popcorn just in case the opportunity presents itself. Of course, there’s also the obvious… Several more painful observations of the ride and the people who walk off it afterwards tells him that people do in fact get soaked. Perhaps if he times it right, he can just… Go in his pants, and then blame the wetness on the ride? It might even help him get rid of the smell of the piss as it dries if he’s lucky.

“Next!” Calls the carnival barker. Marcus and Rachel step up to the gate. “I can see we have a frequent flyer on our hands… I don’t remember seeing you before,” he laughs, looking down and Marcus’ visibly wet jeans. Marcus shakily straightens up, managing not to directly grab himself again until they’re seated on the ride and the bar clamps painfully over his bursting bladder and the log begins to make it slow, rattling assent.

Once again Rachel leans in and whispers in his ear, “I saw the way you were watching the ride, and the people coming off it. You weren’t thinking of trying anything… untoward, were you?”

“N-no,” he stammers, having an even harder time stopping the leaks from coming with the ride’s safety bar digging into his bladder, and the ride’s movements repeatedly jostling it up and down. “I don’t even know what you’re suggesting.”

“Then you won’t mind if I hold that popcorn bucket for you, right?” She offers sweetly.

“W-w-well, of course not. What would I possibly try to do with a popcorn bucket that would be ‘untoward,’ anyway?”

“Oh, I don’t know…” She holds one finger innocently to her luscious red lips like she’s really thinking about it. “Maybe wait for the big drop, pull out your cock, and try to let out a nice, satisfying piss?” Marcus moans and squirms as she says this, another couple of drops trying valiantly to fight their way past his now burning, trembling pee hole.

“No, of course not. That would be a silly and reckless plan, anyway. The drop is only fifteen seconds, isn’t it?” She laughs. “And you and I both know you’re going to need far more than that to get any real relief. You’re probably just hoping I’ll take my eyes off you long enough that you can start pissing right there in your pants, aren’t you? And then you’ll say, ‘Oh, I didn’t pee, it was just the falls,’ right?” Marcus looks down guiltily. Rachel leans in even closer until her hot breath once more sends shivers down Marcus’s spine. “Hey Devon, there’s one more thing I want to hold for you on this ride, if it’s alright, of course.”

Marcus gulps, “Wh-what’s that?” He stammers, his heart pounding in his chest.

“Your cock.” Those two words send dread to the pit of Marcus’s stomach and cause his already throbbing semi-hard member to get even harder, springing fully to life, until it too strains painfully against the safety bar. It’s both a thing he wants most and least in the world this moment, but Marcus nods his consent. Rachel smirks and wastes no time finding a tight grip around the head of his penis, forcibly squeezing his trembling pee hole shut.

When they hit the drop, everyone screams, but only Marcus screams in agony as his overfilled bladder drops like a bowling ball inside him while the safety bar digs in even further. The water gushes around him, and even while every possible force seems to conspire to give Marcus no choice but to give up the fight and release the now hours of boiling piss inside him, Rachel’s painfully strong grip successfully prevents even a single drop from making it past. Marcus’s pants are now cold, wet, and heavy but with water, not the hot piss he desperately wishes it was clinging to his poor, needy cock, and creating a cruel new weight over his pulsating bladder.

Rachel releases her grip, allowing a pent-up spurt to hiss out, this one strong enough to form a visible yellow arc coming out the crotch of his jeans. She runs her hand gently up and down his length. “I know sweetie, it hurts, doesn’t it?” Marcus nods pitifully, still leaking. “But you need to stop now, okay? You’re making me desperate,” she winks. “Besides, you made it this far. All we have to do now is get to my place. You wouldn’t give up on the amazing sex we’re going to have when you get back to my place, would you?” Marcus shakes his head, and for the he-doesn’t-even-know-how-many-eth time today, he painfully cuts off his stream, whining and moaning as he struggles to get it back under control.

“Good boy, Devon.” She takes him to a private corner, and takes his hand, gently guiding it down her tight leather pants. “Feel that? You’re not the only one getting soaked right about now. Shall we get out of here?” Marcus nods eagerly, and lets Rachel lead him to the parking lot.

End of Part One, Part Two Coming Soon

*002*2023-10-24 16:30

Part 2!

“So… Where’s your car?” Marcus asks a little bit too enthusiastically. Once again, he begins fantasizing about sneakily relieving himself, perhaps in one of the dark corners of the parking lot while she leaves him alone for even just a minute to look for her car. To his dismay, no looking is necessary.

“Car?” She laughs, “Where’s the fun in that?” She clicks her keys, and a nearby motorcycle beeps and lights up. She gets on first, putting on her helmet before tossing him a spare. “Hop on, Princess,” she teases, “If you piss on my good leather seats, I will literally kill you.” Her tone is light and teasing, but considering who she is, Marcus doesn’t doubt for a second that she just might do it.

“I did bring my own car, maybe I could just follow you?” He asks hopefully, thinking of how many chances that might afford him to relieve at least some of this pressure into a cup or something. He thinks he has an empty water bottle somewhere in there.

“And risk losing you? Not a chance. We can come back for your car later. Hop on now before I change my mind.” Marcus moans and sighs, then gets on behind her. Her thick, sumptuous ass juts painfully into his bulging bladder, and when the motor gets humming… Marcus reasons that if The Anaconda was serious about killing him if he leaks on the seats, he’s already a dead man walking.

By the time they arrive at the dangerous woman’s palatial mansion, Marcus swears he can feel his teeth floating. Somehow, he has managed to keep from leaking any more for the mercifully short duration of the ride, but the second the engine cuts, and he is finally able to move off of the leather motorcycle seat … With the movements and the change in pressure with her large, perfect ass no longer cutting into his aching piss tank, another short spurt escapes the tip of his hard, trembling cock. Between the vibration of the motorbike, his extreme desperation, and Rachel’s teasing ass pressing and rubbing against his sensitive cock the entire way there, Marcus feels like just a few strokes, or a few moments of dedicated attention from that sexy mouth of hers would be enough to already send him over the edge… Though which edge even he isn’t 100% sure of.

“That wasn’t so bad,” he smiles weakly.

Rachel runs one delicate finger slowly along the seat of the motorbike, “Dry. Very good. Shall we head inside?” She pecks him on the cheek, and then takes his hand.

Marcus nods enthusiastically, “And then you’ll let me use your toilet, right?”

“Of course,” she smirks, “So long as you let me watch.”

“Oh, I get it, now! This is your kink, right? I have no issue with that. Never been pee shy or anything.” Marcus shrugs, then regrets moving his hands away from his desperately dancing cock.

“Yes, my dear. Something like that…” Okay, so first he pees, then they bang real quick, then he sneaks off while she is sleeping or something, finds the file, grabs it, hotwires this bike of hers or maybe a car if she has one, and gets the hell out of here before she notices he’s gone. No big deal. The piss stuff is a minor roadblock, of course, but nothing he can’t handle. Just a little longer, and he’s home free.

“So…” he asks anxiously, the moment they get in the door, “Where exactly is the bathroom? If you hadn't noticed hadn’t noticed… It’s… Kind of urgent,” he squeezes the head of his cock extra hard for emphasis.

“You don’t need to beg, Darling. I told you I would let you go once we got here, didn’t I? It’s right this way. Through these doors, right here.” She leads him into a dark room and closes the door behind them. Marcus reaches up and turns on the lights.

“I don’t understand,” Marcus stammers, “This is just an empty room… There’s no toilet in here.”

The Anaconda gives a low laugh that is equal parts terrifying and seductive, “No, my dear, sweet Marcus,” she runs the back of her hand gently along his cheek, “I believe you understand perfectly.”

“How – how did you know to call me that?” Marcus stammers, still not fully processing the situation.

“Fascinating. I thought you were supposed to be smart. Then again… I suppose anyone would find it a little hard to think straight after the bladder torture I just put you through. Did you really think an internationally wanted assassin would be foolish enough to set up a public dating profile?” She leans closer, her lips inches from his. She runs her finger slowly down the bottom of his chin and stops with the sharpest part of her nail digging gently into his jugular. “Did you really think a girl like me would need to?” She laughs, “No, you took the exact bait I laid out for you hook, line, and sinker.” Trembling, Marcus reaches into a secret pocket in his coat, and pulls out a silver pistol. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you, Tinkles. See, we are both locked in here right now, and I’m the only one who knows where to find the key. You still need to pee, don’t you? Do you really think in your current state you’ll manage to make it out of here before you piss yourself?”

@@She stretches her thick, surprisingly toned leg up, and presses her knees into his screaming bladder. Hard. The pain is so bad he can’t help but collapse to the floor, dropping his gun in the process. She kicks it across the room and proceeds to quickly pull off her tight-fitted corset top, revealing a long leather band tied tight across her large, bouncy breasts with a small roll of papers secured within her cleavage. Marcus’ cock throbs at the sight of her perfect pink areolas pressed down tight with the thin black band, the papers nestled between her soft breasts like he wishes his face could be despite himself. Her breasts jiggle deliciously as she releases the clasp, and they spring to life, freed from their binds. She tosses the papers across the room before smiling sweetly. Marcus is so mesmerized it takes him a second to put together the true purpose of the leather band— Not just a hypnotizing restraint for her ridiculously hot breasts, but for him as well. Rachel uses the leather restraint to bind Marcus’ hands tightly behind his back. He whimpers desperately. Being captured is the last thing his poor bladder needs right now. Next, she pulls her tight, sexy leather jeans part of the way down, revealing two long, winding leather garters tracing their way down her thick thighs.

Marcus knows he’s in real danger but his desperate cock can’t help but strain as he catches an eyeful of the way each bind presses against her muscles and curves. She begins on the left side, pressing down on some unseen buckle, and the whole thing comes off in her hand, then does the same with the one on the right. She ties each of these around either one of his ankles and ties the other end to large spikes sticking out of the ground, some distance apart, forcing his legs wide open. She pulls Marcus’ pants down around his ankles, and teasingly strokes his throbbing hard member just once, tracing once more the opening of his desperately trembling pee hole. The cool air combined with the almost painfully soft touch hits Marcus like a ton of bricks. As soon as she pulls away, he leaks another few drops.

“Aw, does the big bad secret agent need to go potty?” She teases, bending over so that he gets a tantalizing view of her perfectly round ass as she retrieves the papers from where she kicked them.

“Maybe I do,” Marcus smirks, thinking maybe he’s finally gotten ahead of her twisted little game. “Maybe I’ll just go right here on the floor if you won’t let me go to the bathroom. After all, you were even kind enough to pull down my pants for me so I won’t stain them any more.”

Rachel sets the papers down right underneath Marcus’ dancing cock before he has the chance to make good on that threat. “I wouldn’t advise it if I were you… Not if you’re a fan of… Well, most of Europe to start with, but I suppose the world eventually, anyway. Of course, I won’t tell you how to do your job, Sugar. If you think it’s worth the risk, then by all means…”

Marcus just barely manages to hold back another spurt, grunting in pain with the effort. “What the hell are you talking about?” He asks antsily, pressing his fingernails into his palm so hard his hands turn white just to keep from releasing his bursting dam onto this strange pile of papers.

“Why, I’m giving you exactly what you came here for. You did want to disable Project: Theta, didn’t you?”

Marcus pants as he struggles to stave off a fresh wave of desperation that burns through his cock and nearly makes his pee hole muscles completely give out on him on the spot. “Y-yeah… I mean…” He’s too desperate to even bother trying to lie about something they both know to be the truth anyway. “Yeah. Wh-what does that have to do with anything?”

“Well, don’t you see? That paper right there contains all of the schematics and kill-codes. See, I want to make a deal. You have information that PAIN wants, and we have information that you want. I’m sure you’re familiar with such trades. Kind of Secret Agent 101, after all.”

“If you just wanted to trade information, why all of the pee stuff?” He asks pleadingly, trying and failing miserably to preserve some dignity in his voice.

“Well, darling…” She runs her long sharp nail delicately along his shaft sending shivers up his spine and causing his penis it to arch and stretch even further up into the air, like a plant seeking the sun.

@@She leans in close and whispers in his ear in a condescending singsong. “That’s because I don’t trust you as far as I can throw you, Cutie-pie. So here’s how this is going to work. You will stay desperate and answer my questions so that I know it will be hard for you to lie. If I think you’re telling the truth, you get rewarded. If I think you’re lying… Well, I have a feeling you’ll find out soon enough. That paper beneath you isn’t just ordinary paper. It has two properties that make it unique. One: the text on it is only visible with a UV light. You won’t be able to just sneak a peak while you’re tied up there, and two: and I tip my hat to the lab for whipping this one up for me— it’s urine soluble. If even one single drop of that pee that I can see already trying to escape,” she says that next part with a faux-sympathetic baby talk as she wipes the gleaming golden dribble forming at the tip of his pee hole away, her fingers lingering teasingly on the head of his cock for just a few moments longer than necessary, tracing gentle circles that cause his body to take over for him, bucking and humping desperately to try and get the pressure his tingling, oversensitive member desperately needs almost as much as it needs to release about a gallon of piss.

@@She pulls away leaving him more frustrated and needy than he can ever remember having been before, whimpering and hopelessly humping the air before he realizes how pathetic he looks and reluctantly stops though his cock continues to twitch desperately so that even from across the room where she now stands, Rachel can see it. She giggles sadistically. “Yes, just like that. If you let one single drop escape that bladder of yours, and it should happen to touch those there papers, all of the papers will immediately dissolve. So,” she makes her way back to him, her hips seductively punctuating every step. Marcus is relieved that at least the papers only dissolve from urine, because the trail of precum forming right where Rachel was just stroking, and leaking dangerously close to the edge of the head of his penis is only increasing. She kneels down over him and playfully flicks his long, hard cock. “If I were you, I’d be a big boy and hold it.” Marcus gulps and clenches his pee hole even harder. He has to admit, she’s got him right where she wants him. Right now, he would tell her anything— do anything just to be allowed to relieve even a fraction of the piss stretching out the walls of his bulging bladder.

“Well, I’m not totally merciless. Your poor little bladder hasn’t got much time left, so let’s begin. We’ll start easy. What’s the name of your superior?”

“Norman Shmidt.” Marcus answers confidently. He’s rehearsed this one.

“Oh sweetie, that was a test question, and you failed. I already know it’s Alexander Highsmith.”

“Then why ask it, if you already know the answer, Anaconda?”

“So that you learn the punishment for noncompliance, of course,” Rachel pushes him back, and sits right on top of his bladder, wiggling back and forth over it, while the tip of his painfully hard cock grazes the band of her lacy black panties, and the shaft twitches just inches from the visibly wet crease in the material where her labia sits. “Let’s try again. Who is the man who signs your paychecks?”

Marcus grunts and moans, “Well technically some guy from accounting…” She presses her thick ass down even harder. Marcus lets out a high-pitched whimper straining with every single muscle in his body to stop the leak that shoots out of his bladder and into his shaft, “but the name you’re looking for is Alexander Highsmith.”

She gets up off him, “See? He can learn. Let’s try a harder one, shall we? Where is your secret weapon development laboratory?”

“A small island near Congo.”

“Are you sure?” She asks, kneeling down close, pulling up his shirt, and tracing circles with her sharp nails around his bare bladder bulge. He winces, instinctively trying to move his hands to hold himself, but his restraints are tight, and he can’t move.

How could she possibly know differently? She must just be testing him for a reaction, so he can’t give her one. Marcus smiles and nods, “I think I would know something like that.”

“What’s the name of this small island?” She asks sweetly.

Marcus fumbles trying to think of a name on the spot, “Abraham Island.” Abraham. After Abraham Lincoln. That sounds like a plausible name for a government base.

“Interesting. I’ve never heard of Abraham Island.”

“Well, obviously. It’s a secret island.”

“Man,” Rachel complains slyly, “I really do need a piss. All that juice earlier is really catching up with me.”

“My sympathies,” Marcus grumbles sarcastically.

@@“Now, now, no need to take that tone with me. And no need for sympathy, either.” Marcus stares in horror as Rachel pulls up a clear bucket from the corner of the room, and squats over it, pissing full force right in front of him. Marcus almost wants to cry watching this. His bladder screams for relief. The sound is just too much. It’s like a high-force faucet of piss is shooting into the bucket below. He can hear it bouncing off the bottom and hitting the sides from sheer force. Through the transparent bucket, Marcus is able to see every part of her yellow, jet-like stream gushing from between her soft, thick thighs and juicy pink pussy and into the rapidly-filling bucket. Marcus knows he should probably look away, but despite himself he’s transfixed, “Mm,” she moans exaggeratedly, “that feels so good to let all that warm, yellow piss finally just explode out of my bursting bladder. I really needed this. I can hardly believe how I managed to hold all this pee in for so long. Can’t you just see my bladder deflating right before your eyes? Mm… Nothing like a nice, long satisfying piss.” Marcus does his best to squeeze his cock between his legs, but of course it’s impossible. All he can do is squirm uselessly and moan as every inch of his body begs him to do what she’s doing so freely right in front of him, but he can’t.

“Sweden!” He cries out desperately, “The facility is in Sweden!” Rachel cuts her stream off abruptly. “Very good. Where in Sweden?”

“St-Stockholm,” Marcus stutters desperately.

“Really?” She raises an eyebrow, “In such a major city? And yet, it hasn’t shown up on any of our satellites.” She casually starts pissing again, “How peculiar.” Marcus tries to look away, tries not to listen to the trickling stream, slightly less intense than it was at the start, but still enough to have him crawling out of his skin with desperation.

“L-little town. Off the map. Near the southern border. Ingenstansstad.” Rachel continues peeing, allowing her stream to run out. “What? I told you the truth that time.”

“I know, cutie, but I wanted to finish that time… You know it’s not good to hold it too long.”

“You don’t say…” Marcus rolls his eyes before another wave of pain shooting through his bladder forces him to whimper and moan again.

Rachel stands over him, pulls her panties aside, and presses his face between her piss – soaked thighs, and into her pussy, “Want to be a dear and clean it up for me,” she demands calmly. Marcus knows he should be fighting back on this, but this is a demand he is happy to fulfil. While he licks Rachael’s pussy clean, she bends down, and begins teasing his cock through his jeans with her fingers. She traces further up, and gently, without force this time fondles his bulging bladder, “You really, really need to piss, don’t you?”

“Mm-hm,” Marcus manages with a face full of wet, throbbing pussy.

“You know nothing feels better than the greedy, desperate tongue of a man whose bladder is on the verge of exploding… A man completely at my mercy.” She bends down even further and gives Marcus’ bladder bulge a firm kiss. Just firm enough to make him squirm with agony and have to put every ounce of concentration he has into stopping himself from gushing piss all over the documents that might just save the world.

Rachel meanwhile squeals with glee, “You are adorable like that, Marky-kins.” She gets up off him, “That’s enough of that for now, though. Next question: what is the nature of Project: QUICK?” Marcus finds himself desperately leaning in towards Rachel for more, but she replaces her panties and her pants, and puts her corset back on. His cock throbs with need and frustration as he watches her tighten the corset back around her gigantic breasts. It’s humiliating, but he finds himself thrusting needily in the air again before he stops himself. It’s not like that will do anything anyway. His cock is so hard now that it almost hurts.

Rachel slides her hand down her tight leather pants and begins rubbing slow circles around her clit. She leans her head back and moans. “If I finish before you tell me, I won’t let you touch me again, and I know you really, really want to.”

Marcus really really does, but even more than that, he absolutely needs to piss, and he needs it now. His bladder is swollen like a globe, and pulsating with every beat of his heart, and every single pulsation, he can almost hear his bladder screaming at him and begging for release. Any release. At this point, even those short, torturous spurts from before sound almost too good to be true. He can hardly think of anything he wouldn’t give for even just a few seconds of relief. “Please… When do I get to pee? I’ll do anything — I’ll tell you anything. Please…”

Rachel doesn’t answer him directly, “You still haven’t answered my question. Do you need me to repeat it for you?”

Marcus shakes his head, “Project: QUICK is a biological weapon program. It’s a chemical agent meant to be put in a water supply. It temporarily slows down the reaction time of anyone who drinks it.”

“Very good. I’m glad you’re familiar with it,” Rachel holds a cup of water to Marcus his lips, forces them open, and tilts his head back, “Drink up, Hot Stuff.” Marcus tries to fight her. The last thing in the world he wants is more water right now, but it’s no use. Though he manages to splash a little bit on the floor, he’s powerless to stop her from forcing most of it directly down his throat.

As soon as he’s swallowed it all, Rachel releases her grip on his face. “That should fully kick in in about half an hour. As you so kindly explained, it’s a slowing agent. It’s also a natural diuretic. I’m sure you’ll be feeling those effects shortly. You’ll answer some more questions for me, and if I’m satisfied with the answers, when it’s kicked in, I will release you. I’m genuinely curious if you’ll manage to relieve yourself before your bladder explodes. Consider this field research courtesy of PAIN.” She giggles sadistically.

Just as promised, they do several rounds of questioning. Basic stuff mostly, only a few secrets Marcus is really hesitant to part with at this point. He answers them all honestly. Anything to get his hands on the contents of that paper and more importantly get to piss before his sloshing bladder literally explodes. When the questioning is done, there are still fifteen it’s remaining before the chemical kicks in. Rachel closes the door behind her. Marcus hears the lock click into place.

He moans desperately, already feeling the first somehow even sharper waves of desperation hit him. His bladder feels like an over pumped beach ball being run over by a monster truck. This is a level of desperation Marcus had no idea was even possible. He almost-ferally tries to gnaw at his hand restraints with his teeth, or to grab and pull up at them with his fingers… If he could just get one hand free, he could get those papers out of the way and release the absolute ocean rushing through his bladder. He tries, and tries, and tries, but it’s hopeless. Her rope work is almost impossibly immaculate. No matter what he does, he can’t break free.

When Rachel re-enters the room fifteen minutes later, Marcus’ poor bladder has swollen to almost twice its previous size. He’s red in the face, squirming hysterically as much as he can within his restraints and instead of the occasional moan or groan from before, he emits one singular, almost unending series of moans and whimpers and whines so loud he barely notices her return at first.

Rachel lets out a low whistle, and strokes Marcus’ impossibly large bladder admiringly. Although her touch is extremely gentle, at this point any touch at all brings a fresh wave of almost unbearable throbbing agony, and he violently pulls away. At this point Marcus is beyond coherent words, all he can say to Rachel over and over again is just, “Please… Please… Please… Please…”

“As you wish,” Rachel swiftly unties Marcus’ hands first, and then his feet, he reaches down to pick up the papers, but he can only move agonizingly slowly. Rachel laughs, and strokes his cock several times, bringing him to the edge once more, before gently handing him the stack. Marcus desperately tries to relax his tired pee hole, and finally began pissing, but with this strange sedative in him, the process is agonizingly slow.

Rachel laughs, and kicks the bucket his way, her piss swishes and moves torturously inside, the sound of the yellow piss swishing around in the bucket sends another intense wave of need rushing through his bladder all the way to the tip of his penis. A single drop releases, and he thinks he could almost cry from joy. Slowly, he is able to reposition the bucket, and one painfully slow drop at a time, he begins to finally urinate. After what feels like five minutes of one drop at a time, it seems like maybe the sedative is starting to wear off, or perhaps his pee hole is simply so tired that it finally gives out entirely, and those drops turn to a dribble, which turns to the most intense waterfall tingling against his pee hole as it rushes out at impossible speeds, the gushing explosion rings loudly against the walls of the bucket.

Rachel watches in awe as Marcus’ head hangs back, and a smile of pure euphoria paint itself across his face. He all-but sings a long, blissful, “Aaaaaaahhhhhhh…” As his pained bladder slowly deflates. Even after nearly a full minute, his stream barely slows down. Rachel is so turned on she starts touching herself, throwing her head back and moaning with exaggerated pleasure she does so. At this sight, Marcus’ now only half-erect cock springs to attention, frustratingly and painfully cutting off his flow when he so desperately needs more. He tries and tries to keep going, but it’s no use.

Rachel looks at him with the smug twinkling eyes of an absolute demoness who knows exactly what she’s just done. “Need some help, Fire-hose?” Marcus winces desperately at the name, but nods, whimpering pathetically.

Rachel gets down on her knees and begins licking slowly down his shaft, and then quicker, and quicker, until she can’t help herself, and takes his entire cock into her mouth and begins sucking him off. Marcus moans with pleasure, his knees grow weak as he feels a tingling bliss overtake his throbbing cock, and he cums harder than he can ever remember cumming in his entire life.

@@As soon as he cums, Marcus feels his cock go just soft enough that he can get the rest of the relief that his bladder is still begging for. He pulls out of her hot wet mouth so quickly he hears a pop as he quickly pulls past her lips. No sooner has he cleared the inside of her mouth then the flow is already starting. He desperately grabs at his rod, steadying it, and aiming his “fire hose” for the bucket. Rachel sits back, wiping cum off her luscious lips, and pleasures herself once more to the sight of Marcus’ frantic gushing release. By the time he finishes relieving himself, between the river Rachel deposited, and the ocean Marcus just finished releasing, the huge bucket is so full Marcus swears if he had just one more drop in him it might start spilling over the sides. As his bladder deflates, Marcus feels so relieved he almost cums again just from that. Instead, he gets down on the floor with Rachel and smirks, “I believe I may need to clean this off somewhere,” he indicates her wet and pulsating hole.

Rachel nods eagerly, and removes her hands, permitting him entry. It only takes a few well – timed thrusts before both of them, already so close to the edge melt into two unbelievably intense and perfectly synchronous orgasms.

The two lay panting side-by-side on the floor for several minutes before Marcus finally breaks the silence, “So… What do you say we meet again? Say, coffee? Same time next week?”

Rachel pulls him in for a heady kiss, “Only if you promise to drink lots, and lots of coffee.”

Marcus gently runs his hand along her cheek, and kisses her in turn, “It’s a date.” They both laugh.

{{On 10/9/2023 at 4:55 PM, holdit247 said:

I am beyond frustrated that part 2 isn't published in time for my night alone in a hotel!

}}

Sorry I couldn't be of more help in your hotel room, but part 2 is up, hope you enjoy! 😉

*004*2024-01-11 15:06

Thank you so much! If you're who I think you are from the username, I've been a fan of your content for ages, so that means a lot coming from you!

