Summer Star Sprinkle (Peach,Rosalina and Pauline)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-09-19 19:34

Story suggested by @Artist Nagito

.

$$

"Thanks again for inviting us,Rosalina!" Peach said as took a sip from some Apricot-flavored tea.

"No problem,I'm happy to have you girls join me." Rosalina replied.

"I'm excited. This is the first time i'm visiting another planet. The only other time i've been in space is when i visited the moon." Pauline replied as she placed her empty cup in front of her.

"Glad to have you here,Miss Mayor." Rosalina said.

"Pauline is fine,sweetie." Pauline replied.

"So where are we going exactly?" Peach asked.

Rosalina approached the screen at the center of the observatory and showed pictures of a new location.

"This is the Summer Star. An area that was recently created by a luma transforming. " Rosalina said. "As the name implies,it has summer weather on it and a lot of tropical sights. I'd say it's a perfect spot for a vacation."

"That sounds fantastic! Perhaps the Mushroom Kingdom residents would be interested in this once we're done exploring it." Peach said.

"Agreed. A beach out into space? sounds like the perfect spot to hold a concert!" Pauline said.

"Mama! Mama! We're close to it!" A luma squeaked.

"Excellent! Alright! Is everyone ready?" Rosalina asked. Peach and Pauline nodded and grabbed something to hold onto. Rosalina flew high into the air and with a swing of her wand,the entire observatory was covered by a blue translucent shield. The Observatory then blasted off and zoomed across space like...well,a Comet. Peach and Pauline held onto some poles tightly while looking at all the small stars that stretched and zoomed past them.

###

Soon,the ladies had set foot on the new land. The first thing that struck them about the place was how hot it was. Before landing,the ladies changed into more suitable outfits for a summer weather. Peach was wearing white and pink summer dress with a matching hat. Rosalina had a teal power star-patterned swimsuit on and pauline wore a shorter version of her usual red dress.

"Wow...it's really hot here. Did anyone bring drinks?" Peach asked. Rosalina pulled out a basket and pulled out a few drinks.

"Oh! A shroom shake! Those are my favorite!" Peach said as she took a can.

"Do you need anything to drink,Pauline?" Rosalina asked.

"Oh. No thanks,i feel hydrated enough already." Pauline said. And that wasn't a lie. in fact;she might've hydrated herself a little too much. Because she was starting to feel a familiar pressure in her lower body. She felt a little stupid for not using the bathroom before leaving,but they just set foot on the new place and she didn't want to go back to the ship just for a pee break.

"Oh! Look over there!" Peach said. She ran up to the sand and began digging up something. That something turned out to be a Star Bit.

"There are already Star bits here! Maybe we should take these with us!" Peach said.

"Good idea. I'm sure there are plenty of Lumas around here that wouldn't mind having some." Rosalina said.

"So. where do we go first?" Pauline asked.

"How about we find somewhere to set up camp first?" Peach said as she put away the Star Bit. The trio agreed and began walking forward,excited to see what this new Star had in store for them. Pauline clutched one of her hands close to her chest and looked around for something to distract her from the slight ache in her lower body. For It had become a bit difficult to ignore now that she had noticed it.

###

A few minutes later,they had arrived at a shore. There were a few coconut trees and an empty table near said trees. Peach,Rosalina and Pauline wasted no time setting up camp around the area. After a few minutes,everything was ready. Rosalina sat down near the table and looked at the ocean.

"It sure looks pretty,doesn't it? Rosalina asked.

"Oh..yeah! It's quite a sight!" Pauline said. Even though she didn't want to look at the ocean right now. She was trying not to focus on the pressure that was building up inside her bladder and looking at the ocean wasn't gonna help with that.

"Okay,what now?" Peach asked as she placed down some coconuts with straws in them. Rosalina took one and began drinking from it. Pauline looked at her coconut and hesitated for a bit. She wanted to say no. but seeing as Peach had already prepared it for her, She ignored her bladder's protests and proceeded to drink from it.

"There are plenty of areas to explore. A forest right behind us,a waterfall there..." Pauline winced at "Waterfall".

"I'd say we go explore the forest first. I always enjoy the sight of a forest." Peach said.

"I can imagine. A lot of areas in the Mushroom Kingdom are located near grass,right?" Pauline joked.

"It's settled then." Rosalina said. The ladies grabbed some of the stuff they were gonna need for the trip and walked away from the camp and into the trees near the camp.

###

Peach pulled out a camera and started snapping some pictures.

"Oh! I can't wait to show these to Mario! He's gonna love this!" Peach said as she kept taking pictures.

"The lumas are truly capable of creating beautiful things." Rosalina said with a proud look. Pauline however didn't respond as she was getting constantly distracted by her bladder. She was right to be hesitant to drink the Coconut Milk,cause now the pressure had increased and had become harder to ignore. Pauline looked around herself. There were plenty of bushes and trees. And nobody around to see her aside from the two girls. Would they mind if she made a quick pit stop? It wouldn't have been the first time she had to relieve herself outside. She had been on a few dates with Mario prior to becoming NDC Mayor and she had found herself unable to hold it until she reached home during a few of those dates. Not wanting to wait until she was bursting,she decided to try her luck.

"Umm...Sorry to interrupt but." The two blondes turned towards the brunette.

"It's a little embarrassing to ask but. umm...Is it alright if i go behind that bush for a minute? i need to umm...take care of business." Pauline said with a blush. To make her hint a bit more obvious,she rubbed her legs together and pressed her hands against her groin.

"Oh! Of course dear. There's nobody around,right?" Peach said.

"Go ahead,we'll be waiting." Rosalina said. Pauline smiled and left the girls alone. She made sure she was far away enough from them before jumping over one of the bushes. Once she was sure she was out of sight,she hiked up her dress and revealed some lacey-black panties. She bent over and pulled down her panties until they were at her knees. She then crouched and spread her legs and then relaxed her body.

Her floodgates opened and a small stream of pee began splattering against the sand underneath her. Pauline let out a sigh of relief as she emptied her bladder. Her pee slowly darkened the ground below her and then created a small puddle. She may have not been completely bursting,but she was still happy she decided to do this. Soon her stream came to an end and she felt satisfied. She grabbed her purse and then began digging through it for some tissues.

Meanwhile,Peach and Rosalina were standing there,waiting for her. Peach was still holding her camera,looking for something else to take a picture off.

"Hey,Now that i think about it. Is there a bathroom near the shore?" Peach asked.

"Hmm....none that i know of. I didn't see any while we were near the shore." Rosalina said.

"I see...Perhaps we should take a better look once were back at our camping site." Peach said.

"Sorry to keep you waiting,ladies!" Pauline said.

"It's fine,dear!" Peach said.

"Well then,let's continue down our path." Rosalina said. And so,the 3 damsels resumed their walk through the forest. Peach had showed Pauline some pictures she has taken. Rosalina hovered graciously over the sand below as she took in all the sights. And among those sights,was a nice soothing river.

"Hmm...."

Rosalina crossed her legs blushed. Much like Pauline just now,her bladder was starting to feel a little full. Unlike Pauline,she remained quiet about. She felt a little embarrassed at the thought of asking. The space guardian wasn't used to taking care of business outside of a toilet. She only recalled doing so once and thinking about it made all her blood rush to her head. She tried to get the thoughts out of her head and continued following the group.

####

The kept walking alongside the river as they made their way through the forest. The path they took seemed to be going higher and higher. Rosalina let out a sigh and ran her hand through her hair.

"Is everything alright,dear?" Peach asked. Rosalina turned around and smiled at Peach.

"I'm fine. It's just....a little hot,that's all." Rosalina said.

"Oh! That's okay. We can stop and take a break if you want." Peach said.

"I think i could use a break. We've been walking around for a while now." Pauline replied.

"Alright then. This seems like a good spot." Peach said as the tree stopped near a cliff,giving them a nice view of the beach below. Rosalina sat down while Pauline dug through her purse for something. Rosalina sat down and crossed her legs. She needed to pee pretty badly right now,but she still found it embarrassing to ask.

"I gotta say,i'm enjoying our little trip so far. I think bubblaine might have some competition." Pauline said.

"Bubblaine?" Rosalina said.

"Oh,it's a kingdom that's located close to the Metro Kingdom." Pauline replied. "It's otherwise known as the "Seaside Kingdom". It's known for having water that's completely carbonated."

"Oh,is that so?" Rosalina said with a nervous smile. Just when she thought the conversation would take her mind off of her bladder.

"Yup,at the center of the kingdom's ocean is this massive glass of sparkle water. And around that glass are four geysers that shoot streams of bubble water into it." Pauline said. Rosalina continued to grin through the whole conversation. While Pauline was talking to rosalina. Peach was standing near the cliff and looking down. However,she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs. The coconut milk and shroom shake she drank had filled up her bladder pretty quickly and she was starting to regret not going with Pauline earlier. Peach lowered the Camera and put it away. She returned to the two and then sat down next to them. And much like Rosalina,she too had her legs crossed. And pauline talking about the Seaside Kingdom wasn't helping.

"H-Hey,Perhaps we should get moving?" Peach asked.

"Yeah,i think we can continue. I would like to see more of this place before the sky turns dark. Rosalina replied. Pauline nodded and the group continued walking.

###

The trio eventually began making their way back to the shore. Pauline was still taking in the sights while Peach and Rosalina slowly followed her. Rosalina kept crossing and uncrossing her legs while floating,whereas Peach kept stopping every once in a while to keep her hands between her legs.

"Hey. Are you two okay?" Pauline asked.

"Y-Yeah! I'm fine!" Peach said while straightening up.

"Yeah,me too." Rosalina said.

Pauline looked a bit sceptical but shrugged it off and the two resumed walking. On their way back,they crossed over a bridge. And below that bridge was another river. Pauline looked at the river and looked followed it. There seemed to be a cliff where the river was heading. But instead of creating a waterfall,the river continued to float and then slowly lowered. Almost like a water slide.

"It's kinda amazes how bodies of water can just "float" out here in space." Pauline said.

"Yeah...A-Agreed. How does that work?" Peach asked nervously.

"The galaxy is filled with mysteries." Rosalina said.

After that little distraction,the trio continued down their path. However,as they were walking,something caught peach's attention. Both Rosalina and Pauline stopped and turned around to see her.

"Peach? What are you looking at?" Pauline asked.

"Hmm? Oh uh...Nothing! Let's uhh. Let's continue!" Peach said as she began walking faster. Pauline scratched her head,but Rosalina was a bit more eager to follow her out of the forest. Pauline raised an eyebrow and continued to follow the two.

###

Soon,the trio returned to their camping site and Pauline entered her tent to grab some stuff. While she was in the tent,Rosalina looked around and groaned. As she feared,there weren't any toilets in sight. Not even an outhouse. This meant she was gonna have to relieve herself here outside,a thought that caused her cheeks to turn a little red.

"Hey uhh...Rosalina?" Rosalina turned around to see Peach staring at her nervously.

"Umm...I'll go gather some branches. You know,for our campfire?" Peach said.

"Oh,let us come with you!" Pauline said,poking her head out of the tent.

"N-No! No! It's fine! I can do it myself. You two can go ahead and prepare some food. I'm getting a little hungry." Peach said as she walked away. Rosalina held out her hand to try and stop her,but peach had already left. She then looked at Pauline,who simply shrugged and went back inside her tent.

Meanwhile,Peach returned inside the forest and turned around to see if the two were looking. Once she was sure they weren't,she quickly ran into the bushes with her hands between her legs and returned to the thing that had gotten her attention: a hollow tree stump. It wasn't exactly a toilet and it was still outside. But it was close enough. She approached the tree stump and hiked up her dress,revealing some pink bloomers. She then pulled down her panties up to her ankles and then sat on the stump. She adjusted her dress a little to hide the bloomers and then closed her eyes. All the water noises surrounding her proved to be helpful this time,as they made it easier for her to relax her bladder. Soon,a gentle stream of pee began to flow from her and splattered against the inside of the tree stump.

"Ahh....That's better." Peach said as she closed her eyes. She felt a little embarrassed,but also incredibly relieved. She leaned her body forward and continued to let her bladder release all of it's urine. But suddenly,the sound of the bushes rustling caught her attention. She turned around and her eyes widened.

"D-Did they follow me here?" Peach thought. Now she was worried. She tried to finish as quickly as possible,but the rustling became louder and louder. Soon,someone jumped out of the bushes.

"Eep! I-I can explain!" Peach said. However,she became a bit calmer when she saw a rabbit jumping out of the bushes. She sighed and relaxed again,when suddenly,the bunny transformed into a Luma.

"Hi there! How are you?" The luma said. Peach's eyes widened and she started panicking again.

"Umm..Good?"

"What are you doing?" The luma asked.

"Oh uh...Just relaxing. I've been walking around all day." Peach said while holding down the front of her dress,trying extra hard to hide the fact that she was peeing.

"Ah! Have you been enjoying your stay here?" The luma asked.

"Y-Yeah! Of course. This place is beautiful!" Peach said. Hoping that this conversation would end soon.

"I'm happy to hear that! I hope to see you again here soon!" The luma said. It then transformed back into a bunny and returned to the bushes. Peach let out a loud sigh and leaned forward,waiting for her stream to end. Thankfully,it didn't last long until her stream completely stopped. She got up and hiked up her dress. She then waddled towards a nearby bush and used a leaf to wipe herself. Once that was done,she pulled her bloomers back up and dropped her dress.

Now completely red,she decided to put what just happened behind her and she began looking for some branches.

###

"Alright,here's the food! Now we just gotta wait for Peach to come back with the branches and then we can start the campfire!" Pauline said.

"Y-Yeah! Sure." Rosalina said,completely red.

"Is everything okay?" Pauline asked.

"I'm fine. I'm just.." Rosalina looked at the ocean and then smiled.

"Is it okay if i go for a swim while we wait for Peach?" Rosalina asked.

"Yeah,of course!" Pauline said. Rosalina nodded and quickly hovered to the ocean. Even though she really needed to go,she was still embarrassed by the idea of excusing herself. However,she was the only person wearing a swimsuit right now. So she quickly came up with a solution. She ran towards the ocean,ignoring all the pressure her bladder was sending her. She then leaped into the air and gracefully dived inside the water. Upon resurfacing,she turned around to see pauline clapping. Rosalina blushed and looked away from the brunette.

"Okay...Just relax. She won't notice." Rosalina said to herself. She closed her eyes and relaxed her bladder muscles. Soon,the feeling of pressure was replaced by the feeling of relief. Rosalina let out a sigh as her body began to sink a little deeper into the water. She closed her eyes and she could feel the water around her lower body getting a little warmer. It felt a little gross,but any embarrassment she felt was quickly overpowered by the relief she felt. Meanwhile,Peach had returned to the camping site and had a few branches in her arms.

"I hope i wasn't gone for too long." Peach said while putting down the branches. "Where is rosie?"

Pauline pointed at the ocean,where Rosalina was just floating in. Only her head being visible to the two princesses.

"Shall we join her soon?" Peach asked.

"Maybe later. I want to each first! I've been waiting to snack on these New Donk Marshmallows all day!" Pauline said. Soon,Rosalina emerged from the ocean,looking much more relaxed.

"Wow. You look a lot more relaxed now!" Pauline joked,causing pauline to blush.

"Yeah. I needed a good swim after such a hot day." Rosalina said.

"Well then." Pauline said as she pulled out a bag of Marshmallows.

"Anyone want some?" She asked while Peach had begun setting up the fire. Rosalina sat down and the three ladies began talking about what they were they were gonna go next. This new place was pretty big after all.

