Mitsuri’s Pee Desperation — Demon Slayer Story

Author: NoahEdar0483

*000*2024-01-09 06:01

It was a calm and peaceful day at the Butterfly Mansion. There were no demons nearby, no threats detected, but nevertheless, this didn’t stop the Hashira from training. They slashed their swords at speeds undetectable to the human eye. Their unique and formidable breathing techniques enabled them to make strikes with their swords far surpassing that of any normal human. This went on for hours, until finally, the six Hashira entered the Mansion, bruised and battered, but satisfied with their training. After patching up their wounds from the intense sparring, they made their way over to a table filled with nutritious foods. Everybody dug in, each savoring bite replenishing their enhanced strength. However, two of them in particular were tearing through the food even faster than the biggest and strongest Hashira there.

“UMAI!” exclaimed the Flame Hashira, Rengoku, after finishing his fifth bowl of noodles.

“Kyojuro, with all due respect, do you have to shout ‘Umai’ every time you finish your food?” Obanai the Snake Hashira asked.

“Any meal could be your last Obanai, so I’d say enjoy every bite you can!” Rengoku replied energetically.

On the other side of the table was the beautiful Love Hashira, Mitsuri. She ate just as much as Rengoku, and finished fifteen bowls of noodles before being satisfied. Across from her was Shinobu, the Insect Hashira, taking notice.

“My my, Mitsuri! You really have an appetite, don’t you?”

“Oh yes! My metabolism is much different than an average person. I have to eat a lot to maintain my strength.”

“That’s…very interesting,” Shinobu replied.

After everyone was finished with their food, they thanked Shinobu and exited the Mansion. However, right as Mitsuri was about to leave, Shinobu pulled her aside.

“Oh? What is it, Shinobu?”

“I have taken an interest in your extraordinary metabolism. Your ability to intake so much food is fascinating to me. However, there is a particular aspect of your metabolism that I want to test out. Would you mind coming back to the Butterfly Mansion early in the morning so I can test you?”

Mitsuri thought about it for a moment. If it was just a harmless experiment, what’s the big deal? Besides, Shinobu is very fun to be around, and very pretty.

“Of course! I would love to help you out! I’ve been wanting to test how much I can eat!” she replied excitedly.

“Well…the thing is, I’m less interested in that, and more interested in how much fluids you can take. Um, if you come back dehydrated from a mission, I’d need to know how much to give you.”

“Oh, I see! Very well then. Thank you so much, Shinobu!”

“Thank you, Kanroji.”

As Mitsuri happily scurried out of the Mansion, Shinobu made a light smirk. If only Mitsuri knew what torturous pleasure she was about to experience…

The morning came, and Mitsuri quickly got dressed and hurried over to the Butterfly Mansion. When she arrived there, she met Aoi, one of Shinobu’s assistants.

“Why hello there! How are-” but before she could finish her sentence, Aoi walked past her, towards the door. Mitsuri’s jaw dropped.

“Am I really that unpleasant to be around?!” she exclaimed. Aoi then turned around, her demeanor exuding frustration, but also confusion.

“Sorry Mitsuri, but Shinobu said that when you arrived here, all of her assistants were to leave the Butterfly Mansion for a while. I’m not exactly sure why.”

Mitsuri put her hand on her chin. It was rather perplexing that she would do that. After all, it was only an experiment. Why couldn’t any of her servants be there?

“I’m sorry, Aoi. I’ll be sure to bring you back in once we’re all done!” Aoi nodded in approval, and then exited the Butterfly Mansion. Mitsuri walked around for a bit, looking for the room that Shinobu was in.

“Kocho! Kocho! Where are you?!” Mitsuri shouted, hoping for an answer. At first, there wasn’t any answer, and it was starting to worry Mitsuri. Then, from across the hall she was in, a voice called out to her.

“Mitsuri, I’m over here!” It was then followed by a loud slam of the door, and Mitsuri could only catch a glimpse of it closing. Mitsuri walked over to the door, and opened it.

“There you are! I was-” but what followed was a loud shriek. Mitsuri closed the door again and covered her eyes, her face burning red. Shinobu opened the door again. She was not in her normal attire; in fact, she was hardly wearing any clothes at all! Only a bra and very small red thong prevented her from being completely naked.

“Some science get-up that is!” Mitsuri exclaimed, still covering her eyes. However, Shinobu walked over to her and gently lowered her hands.

“Mitsuri, this is a part of the experiment. You have to trust me on this one.”

“Uh…okay then,” Mitsuri replied, still not fully convinced. Shinobu let her into the room, and closed the door. There were no windows, and only candles were lit to keep the room from being pitch black. Inside the room was a chair, and in front of it were several large cups, filled with either water, tea, or beer. There was also an empty bucket in the corner close to it, as well as measuring tape. Shinobu sat down on the chair, and had Mitsuri stand on the opposite end of the room.

“Firstly, I need you to take off your clothes, Mitsuri.”

The pink and green haired girl’s jaw dropped once again. “What?! Why?!”

“It is important for the experiment. I don’t want them getting damaged or anything, and I need to measure you.”

Mitsuri relaxed a little. “Well, if it’s for the experiment, then…I guess I can do that. This…won’t be too bad, will it?”

Shinobu snickered. “Oh, it’ll be more fun than you could possibly imagine.”

Mitsuri took a deep breath, and then nodded. She then began to undress herself. The first thing she did was take off her sandals, along with her two layers of socks; one lime green, the other navy blue. She then took off her white haori, which was given to her by Rengoku, and folded it, neatly setting it down next to her socks and shoes. After this, she unbuckled her white belt, and slid it out of her pink-tinted uniform. She unbuttoned the uniform, each time revealing more and more of her large breasts until her nipples were just visible. Then, she slid her arms out of the sleeves of the uniform, her breasts fully exposed, and slid the rest of the uniform down her toned, beautiful body. All that remained was her own g-string.

Shinobu chuckled. “You’re not wearing a bra or anything? You’re a naughty girl, Kanroji!” she teased.

Mitsuri giggled back, though it was much more nervous. “Y-yeah, the uniform was very tight.”

Shinobu huffed. “You should’ve burned that uniform like I did and gotten a better one than what that perv made for you.”

“Maybe…but I didn’t mind it,” Mitsuri replied, her hand about to lower her g-string. However, Shinobu stopped her.

“Allow me.” She pinched the g-string Mitsuri was wearing, and lowered it down to her ankles. Mitsuri stepped out of it, and folded it and placed it with the rest of her folded clothes. She was completely nude.

“My my, you’re a real treat on the eyes,” Shinobu commented.

“Th-thanks…who’s the perv now?” Mitsuri replied. They both shared a laugh.

Oh, she has no idea, Shinobu thought. She then took the measuring tape and wrapped it around Mitsuri’s lower stomach.

“What does this have to do with the experiment?” Mitsuri asked. Shinobu grinned. “You’ll see soon enough.”

She then sat back on the chair, and pointed to the cups of fluid in front of her.

“This is how this is going to work. You are going to drink as much of these as you can, and you are going to hold it inside you for as long as possible. You will drink when I say, you will do as I say, and if you do as I command, you’ll be rewarded greatly. This is one liter of purified water. It’ll be safe to drink. This kettle of tea holds about 1.2 liters inside it. Finally, this mug of beer holds about 4/5ths of a liter inside it. For this one I will offer you a choice of which to drink first. Take your pick, Mitsuri.”

“Um…okay. Um…I really enjoy tea…but I know fresh water is really good for you…and I really like beer…ugh, it’s so hard to choose!”

“Then, I’ll choose for you,” Shinobu replied. She picked up the cup with water and handed it to Mitsuri. She licked her lips, and then placed them on the edge of the cup, and then tilted the fluid into her mouth. She took large gulps of water, slithering down her throat and gradually making its way to her kidneys. After guzzling down a large amount of the water, she gave herself some time to breathe.

“Ahhh…” she breathed. “That was very nice!”

“Good, good. How much did you drink? Let me see…” Mitsuri showed her the cup, revealing that it was already halfway gone.

“My my, that was quite fast! Give yourself a little bit of time, and then finish it.”

Mitsuri did as she was told; about ten minutes later, she drank the rest of the water. Shinobu clapped.

“Very good! You’re doing very well, Kanroji! How do you feel?”

“My stomach…I can feel the water move around in my stomach. I don’t feel bad; it’s just interesting.”

“Good, good. I don’t want you to get a stomach ache while doing this. Now, we’re going to wait a little bit until your next drink. Going too quickly in this experiment could possibly hurt, so I just want to be mindful of that.”

“Why thank you, Shinobu!”

Shinobu had Mitsuri sit on the chair. Her butt plopped as she did so. As the minutes went by, Shinobu started noticing Mitsuri’s movements. Her legs began to cross, her thighs covering her vagina. They began lightly bobbing up and down, like an excited rabbit. In spite of this, Mitsuri didn’t have any real indication that she was desperate.

“Mitsuri…I think now is a good time to begin drinking the tea,” Shinobu stated approximately 30 minutes later.

“Um, okay!” Mitsuri said with determination. She got the kettle and poured herself some tea. She had another, and another. Little by little, the kettle was emptied, with its contents going straight down Mitsuri’s throat. However, once she drank her tenth cup of tea, she suddenly stopped.

“Hey, Shinobu?” Mitsuri asked, almost in a whimper.

“Hmm?”

“I…I think I need to pee.”

“You…you think you need to pee? Sorry, but if you think you need to pee, then clearly you don’t right now. Finish the kettle, please.”

“But…I really have to go.”

Shinobu did notice that Mitsuri was starting to fidget in the chair, her legs alternating on top of one another. This however did not faze Shinobu.

“Finish. The. Kettle. Now.”

“Um…okay.”

Mitsuri continued drinking, eventually reducing the contents of the kettle to nothing but air. However, this came at an agonizing price; her legs were fidgeting even more now, and her hands, curled into fists, were resting on her knees.

“Good girl. I knew you could do it!”

“Th-thanks Shinobu. Now may I-”

Before she even finished her sentence, Shinobu cut her off. “Mitsuri, you’re a Hashira. A little bit of fluids shouldn’t faze you. You’re better than this! Now, uncross your legs and act like the big girl Hashira that I know you are!”

Mitsuri was at first startled by this sudden command by her, but nonetheless, she took a deep breath, furrowed her brow, and nodded. She uncrossed her legs.

“I am a Hashira. This is nothing.” she repeated to herself, losing all resemblance of desperation. Shinobu smirked.

“Good, good. Now, you stay here and drink those beers down. I am going to leave for a little while. When I come back, I expect to not see any pee on this nice floor, got it?”

“O-okay.”

Shinobu left for about an hour, and each minute she was gone, Mitsuri’s bladder began swelling more and more. She clenched her legs together, making sure that nothing escaped from her bladder, but it kept getting worse and worse. By the time Shinobu came back, Mitsuri was in agony; one hand firmly placed over her vagina, her legs crossed tightly, bouncing ever so frantically. There was no longer any facade; Mitsuri had to pee, and she had to pee badly.

“Oh my! I suspected that you would’ve peed yourself by now! Very good! But, oh, what’s this? You didn’t even touch your beer! Go ahead and drink that, will you?”

“Kocho…please…so…desperate…” was the only thing that Mitsuri could muster. Shinobu could see tears building up in her eyes. However, this did not sway her one bit.

“Mitsuri. Drink it. Now.”

Against her body’s agonizing protests, she obeyed. One hand jammed between her legs, she drank down the beer, each drop further adding to her desperation. At one point, she stopped, unable to continue abusing her bladder.

“Kocho, I can’t! I’m going to pee myself!” she cried out.

“You’re going to finish-”

“I can’t! I can’t! I-”

She was cut off by a slap across the face. She staggered for a second, and then looked up.

“If I hear you being so defiant again, Mitsuri, you’re seriously going to regret it. Understand? Now, be a good girl, and finish the rest of the beer, and I might be merciful.”

Mitsuri was nearly blind to the agonizing desire to pee, but she still didn’t want to feel Shinobu’s wrath. She drank and drank, hoping that her bladder didn’t completely fail on her, until eventually, it was all gone. Shinobu clapped with delight.

“See? I knew you could do it!” she declared excitedly. However, Mitsuri was not celebrating. Her hands were now both holding onto her throbbing, aching crotch, desperate to not let a single drop out.

“K-Kocho…please…”

Shinobu rolled her eyes. “Stand up,” she commanded. Mitsuri slowly brought herself off the chair and onto her feet. Her legs were crossed, and her hands were still holding her crotch.

“Mitsuri…please uncross your legs, and let go of your pussy.”

“But I-”

“I said, please uncross your legs, and let go of your pussy. It’s only for half a minute. Then you can go back to holding it.”

“O-only th-thirty s-seconds?” Mitsuri took a deep breath, and then did as she was told. She spread her legs apart, and clenching her fists, brought them to her side. She was wincing from her swollen, aching bladder, and she used every ounce of strength and willpower to hold back the flow. Over this thirty second period, Shinobu got onto her knees, right in front of Mitsuri’s pussy.

“Don’t pee. Don’t pee on me, Mitsuri. Do not pee,” she said over and over. Eventually, the 30 seconds had passed, and Mitsuri went back to her desperation crotch holding and leg crossing, without letting out a single drop of pee.

“Very well done, Kanroji! I could pinch your cheek!” She went up to Mitsuri and put her left hand close to her face, as though she was going to pinch the side of it. However, her right hand instead went around and pinched one of her lower cheeks.

“H-Hey!” Mitsuri whined, but she did not dare release her grip. Shinobu laughed sadistically.

“You’re so fun to tease, Kanroji! It’s almost as fun as teasing Giyu!”

“Sh-Shinobu…h-how long until I-I can go?” Mitsuri whined, one of her eyes closed from concentration. Shinobu looked a little bored, but then, a thought struck her.

“Oh! I have an idea! Let’s have some fun, shall we?”

Shinobu exited the room for a brief moment, and then came back with a jump rope.

“This is a pretty big room. Let’s see how well you can jump rope!”

“But Kocho, I-”

“Do as I say!”

Begrudgingly, Mitsuri took the rope from Shinobu’s hand, her legs still firmly crossed. Jumping rope, to a person who can go past human abilities, is a piece of cake…normally. However, even Mitsuri had a difficult time doing it, as each time she jumped, the pressure slammed against her aching pussy, and her bladder cried out for release even more. Despite this, she bounced and bounced, her breasts jiggling up and down each time she did it. After ten jumps, she could no longer take it. She let go of the rope, fell to her knees, and fought desperately to keep any piss from escaping. She moaned so loudly.

“I-I don’t know how much more I can do this…” she whimpered. Shinobu only laughed.

“That isn’t for you to decide, now is it?”

Shinobu got her measuring tape again, holding it up for Mitsuri to see.

“I need to measure your stomach area again. I want to see how much of a bulge you have now.”

Mitsuri slowly stood back up, and tried her best to keep herself still while Shinobu measured her lower stomach area. There was indeed a visible bulge that wasn’t there before, but Shinobu wanted to know just how much had changed.

“Oh wow! You really grew a lot! It’s almost- '' but suddenly Shinobu was cut off. A small trickle of pee, in spite of poor Mitsuri’s fight to keep it inside her, leaked out, landing on Shinobu’s chest.

“Kocho! I’m so sorry! Pl-please forgive me!” Mitsuri pleaded.

“Mitsuri…please turn around, and bend over.” Mitsuri did as she was told, and for a moment, she didn’t know what was going to happen. The tension was immense! Then, the tension was broken…with a hard, wooden paddle.

“YOU! DO! NOT! PISS! ON! YOUR! MISTRESS!” Mitsuri squealed as Shinobu smacked her ass with the paddle. Each time a small trickle of pee exited from her pussy.

“Put your hands on your head,” Shinobu commanded. Against her body’s pleas against it, Mitsuri let go of her pussy and put her hands on the back of her head. Shinobu continued the spanking, Mitsuri’s butt becoming a shade redder each time. Pee trickled down to the floor, but Shinobu yanked Mitsuri’s hair.

“Hold it in!”

“I can’t!”

“Do it!”

Mitsuri tried her best to keep the pee from exiting her body, but the paddling made it so much more difficult. Eventually, after the 25th spanking, Shinobu finally ceased. Tears ran down Mitsuri’s face, and there was a small puddle in between her legs, though she held back the majority of it.

“Don’t think your punishment is over yet. I’ll give you five minutes, and then we’re doing something else.”

As the five minutes went by, Mitsuri pondered what Shinobu was going to do to her next. More spanking? Something else? What would it be? Also, after the few trickles of pee, Mitsuri wanted to release it all even more, but she continued to hold it in. Eventually, Shinobu announced that the five minutes were up. Mitsuri swallowed in suspense. She hastily put her hands back on top of her head, and then Kocho placed one of her hands over her pussy. She rubbed it lightly, and it was a little stimulating.

“It’s so wet…but don’t try to make it worse, got it?”

“O-Okay.”

“Good.”

Shinobu placed her other hand over Mitsuri’s bladder bulge, lightly rubbing that as well.

“You’re holding so much inside there…I wonder what would happen if-”

Suddenly, Shinobu placed a hard press on her bladder. Mitsuri squealed again, her hands almost leaving the back of her head.

“I’m going to do this ten times, Mitsuri. You’d better not lose control.”

Shinobu pressed against Mitsuri’s bulging, rock-hard bladder, using her other hand to keep her from pissing all over herself. Mitsuri whimpered and moaned, but she did not let the increased pressure get the best of her. After the fifth push, Shinobu let go of her pussy, and pressed with both hands. Mitsuri was so desperate that she could barely think straight, but somehow, through sheer willpower and grace from the gods above, she didn’t let anymore trickles out.

“Think about this the next time you want to be naughty, Kanroji,” Shinobu told her. She was too desperate to argue.

After twenty more minutes of hobbling in agony, desperate not to drench the floor with pee, Shinobu grabbed the measuring cup.

“Oh thank you, mistress, thank-” However, it was not for her. Shinobu squatted down, moved her thong, and released a clear stream of pee out of her own bladder, and into the cup. Shinobu exaggeratedly sighed with relief.

“Oh, this feels so good!”

Mitsuri was forced to watch this. The stream of pee, combined with Shinobu’s teasing moans, was simply too much.

“Mistress! I…I’m going to pee!”

“Not yet! Five more minutes!”

“I can’t! It…IT’S COMING OUT!”

Before she could even finish her sentence, Mitsuri gushed out a powerful stream of pee. For what seemed endless, she completely drenched nearly the entire floor with pee. It was more than just relieving; it was orgasmic! She fell to her knees, and then on her hands, as pee continued to gush from out of her pussy. She didn’t even care about what Shinobu was going to do anymore. She was simply exhausted from holding such a large amount of fluids for so long. After she was finally done, she breathed heavily, and then slumped to the floor, drenching herself in her own piss.

“Kocho…I can’t…I can’t even feel my legs…oh gods…that felt so good…”

Shinobu grabbed a mop and a bucket filled with water, and stood over her exhausted comrade-in-arms. She smiled sinisterly.

“In all honesty, Kanroji, you did terrific in this little experiment. I wouldn’t be able to hold even half of that amount of fluids inside me like that.” Mitsuri gave a weak smile, and gave a thumbs up.

“Unfortunately, that doesn’t mean you’re going to escape the consequences. You’re going to have to clean all of this up.”

“Okay…okay…”

…

About an hour later, both girls exited the Mansion, fully clothed and acting completely natural. Aoi was right outside, playing with rocks. She looked over to the Mansion, and saw them.

“Hello, Shinobu!” she called out. She rushed over to them, eager to understand what went on between them.

“Oh, why hello Aoi! It’s a beautiful day, is it not?” Shinobu asked. Aoi nodded in agreement, and then took a breath.

“So…what were you two up to?” she asked. Shinobu laughed.

“You silly girl! Didn’t I already tell you? We were doing a science experiment!”

In spite of the reassurance by Shinobu, Aoi couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow. “Why did you need all of us out of the Mansion if it were just a science experiment?”

“W-well…it was an adult only science experiment. Please, don’t ask any more silly questions.”

“But-”

“I’m not saying any more. Now get back to the Mansion!” Shinobu snapped. Aoi pouted defiantly, but then gave up and went back inside. After Aoi was inside, Shinobu turned back to Mitsuri.

“Ugh, that girl can be so nosy sometimes! Well then, I’m glad you were willing to be a part of my, ahem, experiment.”

Mitsuri laughed nervously. “O-of course! I was glad to be a part of it!”

Mitsuri then exited the Mansion, running away to more of her adventures, but before she did so, Shinobu whispered in her ear:

“You can always come back for experiments any time,”

As Kanroji ran, she scoffed at the very thought. “I am never doing that craziness ever again!”

…

“Maybe.”

To be Continued…?

*001*2024-01-09 06:18

Hello everyone! This is my first omo story I have ever published. Please let me know what you think of it, what criticisms you have of it, what you enjoyed about it, and all that good stuff! Have a great day! 😄

