The longest workday

Author: omoaniomorash

*000*2025-04-23 08:21

It was exactly 6:45 AM when Emma woke up, sunlight pouring softly through the thin curtains of her cozy bedroom. Immediately, she was aware of a strong, throbbing pressure in her lower belly. Her bladder felt full, tight—almost painfully so—as though every drop she drank before bed had pooled overnight, stretching her muscles to their limit. She pressed her thighs together under the sheets, delaying the inevitable for just a moment, savoring that uniquely urgent sensation of need.

Reluctantly, Emma pushed the covers aside and slipped out of bed, each step sending waves of discomfort through her bladder. She quickly padded into the bathroom, almost jogging now, clenching her muscles desperately as she pulled down her cotton panties and dropped onto the toilet seat. Relief surged through her instantly as a strong stream erupted, echoing off porcelain. Emma sighed audibly, feeling the tension vanish as her bladder slowly emptied.

After a relaxing shower and breakfast, she made herself a large mug of coffee and gulped down half a glass of fresh orange juice, rushing to get dressed. Emma knew her busy day at the marketing office meant limited bathroom breaks, but she shrugged off the thought.

Arriving at work just after 8:00 AM, Emma took her seat and immediately got busy with emails and paperwork. By 10:00 AM, she had polished off her coffee, and then started sipping from a large bottle of cold water at her desk, absent-mindedly hydrating as she worked. By 11:00, Emma felt a distinct fullness once more, a dull ache building slowly at her bladder’s core. But she ignored it, immersed in a conference call that dragged on far longer than expected.

By noon, the ache intensified into sharp waves of desperation, her bladder pulsing insistently. She crossed her legs tightly under her desk, subtly bouncing her foot, trying to ease the growing discomfort. Finally, the call ended. Rising carefully, feeling the intense heaviness in her abdomen, she hurried to the office bathroom. Locked stalls greeted her—occupied—and panic began to rise within her. Standing there waiting, Emma shifted nervously, thighs pressed tightly together, heart pounding with urgency. A toilet flushed, the door opened, and she quickly rushed inside, nearly trembling as she tore down her skirt and underwear and sank down onto the seat. She moaned softly as relief washed over her again, the hot stream pouring freely.

Lunch came and went—Emma had another bottle of water and an iced tea from the café downstairs. By mid-afternoon, she was feeling full once again. A colleague’s sudden request for assistance kept her stuck at her desk for an hour, growing increasingly uncomfortable. Her bladder swelled with every passing minute, creating an insistent, throbbing ache. By 3:30 PM, desperation clawed sharply at her insides, making concentration impossible. Emma squirmed subtly, shifting her weight from hip to hip, squeezing her thighs hard to keep her composure.

Unable to bear it anymore, she finally excused herself and walked quickly toward the restroom, muscles taut with strain. She clenched fiercely with every step, every movement magnifying the pressure. She barely got the door locked before she yanked her panties down, a warm torrent instantly cascading from her trembling body. She sighed deeply, relief flooding through every nerve ending.

The afternoon dragged on, each cup of tea and glass of water taking a heavy toll. By the time 5:00 PM approached, Emma’s bladder was once more stretched to its absolute capacity. She had been holding for nearly two hours, trapped in a mandatory meeting with no breaks. Her discomfort was palpable, thighs squeezing constantly beneath the table, her breath shallow and quick. Each passing moment seemed eternal, her bladder tight and bloated, muscles aching, screaming for release.

When the meeting ended at last, Emma rushed desperately from the room, her urgency overwhelming. Her heels clicked rapidly on the tiled hallway, her abdomen now painfully swollen. Each step felt dangerous, teetering on the edge of control. She reached the restroom, bursting through the door, and practically tore her clothing down as she fell onto the seat. An intense, powerful jet of urine rushed forth instantly, her body shaking slightly as relief consumed her completely. Emma gasped softly, savoring every second of release.

As she finally drove home later, relaxed and relieved, Emma realized she'd experienced one of her most frustrating, torturous, yet strangely thrilling workdays ever.

