The patience of a Zeti (Zeena (Sonic the Hedgehog)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2022-12-11 16:46

This character was recommended to me by @Fungus1996

.

"Ugh....i can't believe i let him sweet talk me into doing this..." A Green Female Zeti complained while resting on one of the many containers scattered all over the place. This was Zeena. The sole female of a group of Zeti known as the Deadly Six.

The vanity-obsessed Zeti was currently doing her assigned task. Or rather, she was supposed to be doing her task. The leader of the Zeti, Zavok, had assigned her to stop a certain Blue Hedgehog from destroying the machine they were currently using to make themselves stronger. Zeena didn't want to do it at first, as she preferred not to waste her with such grueling work when she could be treating herself. But Zavok had convinced her that she was the only one up to the task. And not being one to let down those who admire her, she agreed to do it.

But now she was beginning to regret accepting it. And for several reasons. For one; It was incredibly boring. She decided to wait for him to come to her, as she couldn't be bothered venture beyond the factory to track him down and she also had to keep guard of the container. as it contained the animals they were using to power their robots. But for a hedgehog that claims to be faster than the speed of sound, he sure was taking his sweet time getting here.

For another: It was pretty chilly here. Granted, the place was called "Frozen Factory" so that one was a given. But it still served to make the wait even more annoying.

And the last reason. She was starting to feel the urge to pee. Normally she would've freshened herself up before going on a mission like this. She must've forgotten to do so this time. She may strife to be perfect, but she wasn't unfortunately.

"Ugh...this sucks." Zeena said as she tapped her foot impatiently. Eggman's base was very far away from the Frozen Factory and Zeena didn't like the idea of heading all the way back to the base for what would be a very short pee break. And she wasn't particularly fond of the idea of popping behind a bush to pee. Not only did she consider that something only the nastiest of Zeti would do,but there was also the risk of the wildlife seeing her in such an embarrassing position.

.....Speaking of which...

"Hmmm?"

Zeena looked towards a pillar and saw a little bunny hiding behind it. It was then that she remembered her other objective: Capture these little critters. With a sigh, she jumped off the container and chased after the creature.

###

"Ugh! Stop squirming already! You little-" Zeena said as she held onto the critter that was desperately trying to pry itself of her grasp. She opened a lid on the container, revealing several other critters that she had captured after giving chase to the first one. She tossed the critter and then quickly closed the container.

"..So annoying." She said as leaned against the container. She still didn't understand why that stupid doctor was using these weak critters as a power source for his mechs. She then looked at her nails and groaned.

"Great! Now i have to reapply a whole new coat. I'm so gonna kill Zavok for this!" Zeena said as she clenched her fist. Her eyes widened as she felt a pang in her bladder. This elicited another groan from her. Her need to go had grown in the time it took for her to capture all those critters. She looked around and crossed her arms. That stupid hedgehog was still nowhere in sight.

"Did nobody tell that hedgehog that it's rude to keep a lady waiting?" Zeena said as she rubbed her thighs together. her need had gone from mildly discomforting to a bit annoying. And being out here in the middle of the coldest region of the Lost Hex didn't seem to help that much. Contrary to what it looks like, she wasn't wearing any clothes at the moment. In fact, she never wore clothes, as did most of the Zeti. When you had beauty like hers, hiding it from the world seemed like a terrible option. But once again, she was having second thoughts.

Zeena took a deep breath, trying her hardest to push down the discomfort she was starting to feel. She then sat back down and began working on fixing her nails.

###

After checking her nails and exhaling loudly for the umpteenth time since she sat down. Zeena looked around once more and that blasted hedgehog was still nowhere in sight.

"Fastest thing alive,my a-aaaah~" Zeena crossed her legs and placed her free hand between them. The urge to use the bathroom was stronger now and was now getting progressively harder to ignore. She got off the container and fanned herself to calm her nerves. Clearly it was gonna take some time before the so called "Speedy Hedgehog" would come to her. She decided she needed to make a good first impression. Raising her hand, she aimed at one of the cogs of the factory and fired a laser at it. The laser struck the cog and stuck to it like a grappling hook. Zeena then pulled back the laser gritting her teeth as she could feel a twinge in her bladder while she was using her strength. The cog landed near her and she made her laser disappear.

"Gotta make this hedgehog bow before my charms!" Zeena said as she began walking around the factory to look for parts to use for her plan. Normally, she wouldn't even be doing work like this. She preferred to sit back and relax. But with the boredom having kicked in a while ago and with her bladder practically nagging her anytime she isn't doing something, she needed a distraction.

Using her lasers, she began to drag around the parts she needed. After a few minutes, she had managed to gather everything she needed and began to look around. Not to far from the area where she was standing, was a small planet-shaped platform floating over the frozen factory. Deciding she'd have more room to fight there,she used her laser beams and carefully lifted them towards the platform. She gritted her teeth from the strain her actions was causing her. She let go of the items and crossed her legs.

"Ugh,would it have killed whoever made this factory to build a ladies room?"

###

"Ugh....Finally!" Zeena said as she placed down the final part she needed.

"I really am gonna need a mani and a pedi once this is over..." Zeena said to herself. She rubbed her tighs together and let out a huff.

"....And a nose-powdering." She said as she looked around in frustration. That hedgehog could not arrive here soon enough. Her patience had already worn thin and her bladder pressuring her was not helping at all. Yet for how much her bladder was annoying her, she couldn't bring herself to do her business outside. A Zeti of her caliber was above such disgusting actions after all. Not to mention that despite the fact that she captured most of the ones she saw, she did not rule out the possibility that there would be more critters hiding from her. And of course there was the possibility that the blue hedgehog could arrive at any moment now.

....Any moment now.

She shook her head and began pacing around the planet-platform, looking for something. Anything that could distract her from the ever growing pain in her bladder. She looked at the snow and then back at her hands. And then back at the stuff she had grabbed.

"My hands are already ruined enough as is. I might as well." Zeena said as she grabbed some snow. She shivered at the cold touch and began creating a snowball.

###

*ZIIIIIIIIIIING*

"Huh?" Zeena looked around and saw a faint blue blur running around the Frozen Factory.

"About time! I've been waiting for you forever mister!" Zeena said. Her voice seemingly echoing around the frozen area of the lost hex. Despite the fact that the hedgehog would've been to far to hear her, she continued.

"Do you have any idea how agonizing the wait has been? This is not how you treat a young and beautiful Zeti!" She said as she furiously tapped her foot.

"You better not keep me waiting any longer. Once you get here, you're gonna see just how mad this wait has been driving me!" Zeena said as she clenched her fist. A vein appearing on her forehead. She sat on one of her animal capsules and eyed the blue blur closely. She had to admit, He was very much moving fast. But it was still too slow for her liking. Nothing was stopping her from just going up to him and showing him a piece of her mind. But Zeena preferred it when a man took initiative. Mostly because she herself didn't like to do so.

She shoved her hands between her tights and crossed them. She started taking deep breaths in an attempt to calm down and ease the pressure, but neither of them seemed to work. Any reservations she had of relieving herself out in the open was slowly beginning to dwindle. But now that Sonic had been sighted, she was not about to risk exposing her most precious spot to him. She kept her eyes on him.

".....Hmm...then again,he IS kinda my type. Ugh,but those shoes are so retro." She said as she eyed one of the few pieces of clothing he wore. Her thoughts were once again interrupted by a pang in her body.

"Ugh...I've already put way too much effort into this! I'm going to kick his spiky blue butt for keeping me waiting like this and i'm not going to let this annoying pain stop me!"

###

The sound of the wind and her foot tapping against the snow was the only sound that broke the silence. Along with the occasional moaning and groaning her bladder would elicit from her.

"Stupid...Hedgehog...keeping me waiting like-" Zeena was snapped out of her thoughts when she heard the sound of a loud thud.

"Finally! Don't you know you're not supposed to keep a lady...huh?" Zeena froze (Haha...) upon seeing what was in front of her. It wasn't a hedgehog. It was a snowball. a snowball covered in rings. She knew for a fact she didn't place that there.

"Oh uhh...Don't mind all of this. It kinda just happened on my way here." a muffled voice said. seemingly coming from inside the snowball.

Zeena shook her head and backed away.

"Whatever,i've been waiting here all day and i'm not gonna let a snowball stop me from-Argh!" Zeena's sentence came to a stop as she crossed her legs.

"Feeling under the weather? can't say i blame ya. if you want to call it quits now and just give me my little friends back,that'd be great." Sonic said, still from inside the snowball.

"Nggh....as if!" Zeena said one of her hands and used her laser beam to throw a snowman head at Sonic..or err...the snowball sonic was in. this caused the snowball to bounce back and become smaller. Zeena jumped and then drilled into the ground her with legs, causing several snowmen to pop up. with a few of them holding bombs. Unbeknownst to Sonic, Zeena was hiding inside one of the snowmen right now.

"Let's see you try to get past these,you pesky little-" Zeena muttered before wincing at yet another pang in her bladder. She rubbed her tighs together again and had a worried look.

"I'm not gonna give up! I'm not going to lose this fight just cause-"

*Crash* *Boom* *Bang*

Zeena looked and her eyes widened. All the snowmen she had created had been destroyed by the snowball. And he seemed to be charging up another attack.

"Huh? No! No! No! Don't you dare!" Zeena said. but unfortunately for her. The snowball began barreling towards the snowman she was hiding in and crashed into it. This sent Zeena flying, but the managed to stay on her feet with her tail.

"Ahhhh! No! No!" Zeena said as she began to run away in a panic,both of her hands jammed tightly between her legs. Before she realized what she was doing, The snowball began barreling towards her and struck her in the back. Causing her to fall down.

The snowball was destroyed and Sonic popped out of it.

"Where do you think you're going? Weren't you the one who said you were waiting for me all day?" Sonic said smugly.

"Ugh! Shut you stupid mouth. I'm going to-Argh!" She let out as she tensed up and crossed her legs. She almost looked like she was curling up in a ball.

"Woah,what's going on with you?" Sonic said as he reached forward. Zeena's eyes widened. She quickly grabbed a ball of snow and threw it at the hedgehog. It didn't seem to faze him much,but she did notice a few rings falling out of his body.

"This isn't over!" Zeena said as she crouched. She took a deep breath and leaped away.

"Man,that has to be the shortest boss fight i've had so far." Sonic said to himself. He looked at the animal capsule and smiled.

"But hey,if it means saving you guys faster..."

###

Zeena landed and crossed her legs with her upper body being completely bent over.

"No! No! Bathroom! I need a bathroom now!" Zeena said as she frantically looked around for a toilet. But she knew it would be pointless, because she was in the middle of a snowy landscape. Even with all the machinery you'd commonly find in factories, she had no hope that she would find a regular toilet here. In the end, desperate times called for desperate measures.

She ran towards on of the factory pipes, using her hands to hold back the flood that was threatening to break out. She couldn't completely hold it back, as she could already feel some leaks in her hand.

She ran behind the pipe and bent over. She placed both of her hands against for support and let out a moan. A bright pink hole had suddenly opened between her legs and without a second of delay, a powerful stream of urine jetted out of that hole, splattering against the snow below her.

"OOOOOOOOH~aaah,yeah!" She moaned. Her feet slipping a little in the snow. She held onto the pipe a little tighter to keep her balance. Her mouth hung open as hours of pent up stress finally exited her body. the snow below her tail slowly turned yellow until a small puddle form on it and began getting bigger. She kept letting out moans, seemingly unbothered by the potential of someone hearing her. She closed her eyes and leaned her chest against the pipe while her bladder continued to be emptied.

"Ohhh....i can't believe i had to resort to this. I should be better than this..." She said to herself as the stream continued. Eventually, it began slowing down until it came to a full stop. She let go off the pillar and stood straight up again. She looked between her legs. The pink hole was seemingly gone, but there were a few drops of pee sliding down from where you'd expect to see her privates.

"Nothing to wipe it. Gosh,i can't believe my luck today." Zeena cringed. Right now she hated the fact that she didn't wear any paints. Granted, anyone who isn't aware of Zeti anatomy would assume she's wearing pants right now. they would only be able to see the drops of pee if they look really closely. If she could return to the base now undetected and clean herself up.

*Crunch*

Zeena's eyes widened and she slowly turned around. There was a little rabbit starring at her with shocked eyes. I quickly made a run for it and once Zeena recovered from her shock,she let out a scream and began chasing the little critter.

"GET BACK HERE! YOU ARE NOT GONNA GOSSIP TO ANYONE ABOUT THIS!"

Gonna be honest,i spent several days debating with myself whether or not she was wearing pants. I know that the most obvious answer was probably "No,it's part of her body". But Master Zik's design kinda made me question that for a while.

Anyways,hope you guys liked this story.

