Super Bathroom Maker (A Mario Maker Short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-03-10 19:10

A little short i came up with starring a character that i'm pretty sure can be considered "obscure" now. I wanted to upload a story starring this character a little over a year ago and it was originally supposed to be about her traversing several fan-made levels in order to make it to a toilet. But i struggled to come up with how i wanted the levels to be like. So i ended up scrapping the story.

Recently i decided; How about i make a short with her instead? And so here we are. I hope you guys like it.

&&

"A pipe here..." A woman said as she tapped her gamepad with her stylus.

"Place two walls over there..." She said as she swayed around and tapped the screen twice. This woman was in charge of creating the Manual for those who wished to submit their courses to the Super Mario Maker Program. This woman was known as Mashiko. or as a few people know her. Mary O.

"A few blocks for the ceiling...." She said as the tapped and slid the stylus around her gamepad. She stood on one foot and leaned down.

".....Place a door here...ah, gotta add a lock. Place the key right over there...." She said as she hoped on her other food. Exhaling while adding a door inside what she was trying to create and outside.

She looked at her gamepad and tapped her foot impatiently.

"Oh stars. Is there anything i can use here as paper?" She said her eyes hastily scanned the screen. The tapped the screen and a cloud appeared in front of her. She reached for it and felt it before letting out a whine.

"Ohhh...i guess this will have to do..." She said as she put it inside the building the had created.

*CLICK* LETS-A GO!!!!

At Last. Her level was complete! What kind of level did she create? a small level with a building with the Flag Pole just right behind it. And inside that building was a toilet. Or at least a pipe that was "supposed" to be one. She threw her gamepad to the side, jammed her hands between her thighs and ran towards the door. Running so fast her P-Meter had filled up.

.....The P-Meter that indicated she was a running at full speed. But that wasn't the only "P-Meter" on her mind right now.

"Gottagogottagogottago!!!" She whispered as she stopped in front of the door and hastily grabbed the key. She nearly dropped it, but was able to grab it before it reached the ground. The instruction woman had been holding it in all day and there wasn't a toilet around where she was able to relieve herself. Fans had made a few levels that were basically toilets. But those levels were usually filled with enemies and Mary wasn't much of a fighter. Why those running the Super Mario Maker Program didn't place a Porta Potty or two around, she didn't know. She guessed they were expecting the workers to make their own bathrooms. Which Mashiko did once she realized there was no other place she could go to take care of her needs. Or atleast not anywhere that wasn't filled with enemies.

She inserted the massive key in the keyhole and then barged into the room she had made. She closed the door and eyed the pipe that she had created as a makeshift toilet. and right next to it was a cloud that was supposed to be a toilet paper stand-in. Not the most conventional of toilets, but now was not the time to fret over such details.

She ran over the "toilet" and quickly hiked up her skirt. Yanking down both her panties and her tights. She sat on the edge of the pipe toilet. Her bladder immediately letting go without delay.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaah!......Ooohhhhh,finally~" Mary O. Moaned. A splatter could be heard inside the bowl as she emptied her overworked bladder. All her muscles relaxed after spending all those hours holding it.

"Ohh...sweet relief." She said to herself as she leaned forward and closed her eyes. There wasn't anything she could lean her back against. She looked to her side and eyed the cloud that she had placed there as toilet paper. It had a face, as did a lot of things in the world of Mario. And aspect that she always found kind of unsettling. She couldn't imagine having to pop a squat behind a bush or a hill that was constantly watching you. Thankfully that was was just a decoration and the cloud wasn't sentient. At least the hoped.

Her stream continued going strong until it eventually began to weaken. Mary looked between her legs and noticed she had filled nearly a quarter of the pipe. She hadn't connected the pipe to a sewage system. So she was pretty much peeing in an oversized bucket. Her stream eventually stopped completely. Mary bounced up and down to let a few droplets escape and then reached for the cloud. She took a piece a placed it between her legs. Her mouth twisted a little with how soft but weird it felt.

"I really need to have a word with the higher ups about this. She said as she began wiping.

3....

2...

1....

"Huh?" Mary. O said mid-wiping. She ground suddenly began shaking and the sound of a rocket taking off could be heard in the distance. Suddenly, her makeshift toilet had disappeared and Mary. O was now standing in the middle of a grass field with her panties and tights still down her knees and her hands between her legs.

Mary. O. looked around with a shocked face and saw the Undodog standing on the button that activates the Reset Rocket.

"Bad doggie!" A voice in the distance said. That voice belonged to Mario, who was donning a pair of construction overalls. Mario stopped in his tracks and his mouth went a gape. Mary's mouth also opened as she realised she was still in an awkward position. She looked at her panties and then back at Mario and the undodog. A blush crept on her face and she giggled nervously.

"....We uhh...Maybe we should make some actual toilets....T-To avoid situations like this in the future. Hehehehe...." Mary said as she hastily pulled up her panties and tights. Completely unable to make eye contact with the mustachiod man.

