Loren Has Some Fun....

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-04-13 12:15

This is a sequel to "A Desperate Vacation" Enjoy.

Loren had already pleasured herself the night that Rachel made a yellow mess on their hotel floor, but she couldn't stop thinking about it. She kept remembering the way she squeezed her legs and the way she moaned with desperation. After she was done with her sex toys, she decided to just stop thinking of the whole thing, only to find herself unable to. She felt guilty. Rachel was humiliated, I shouldn't be turned on by this. She remembered her sobbing as her pee dripped down her legs and fell to the floor. But I am...She thought. She tried to recreate the accident in her mind. She grabbed her vibrator and put it right back in there. It felt as if her whole body was trembling with joy. She continued to roll and moan all over the floor trying to keep quiet so that Rachel and Annie wouldn't wake up. She stopped after four long orgasms. I should sleep.. She got up from the floor and opened the door very softly, and walked towards her bed and closed her eyes.

Morning:

"Wake up!" Annie said. "Come on Loren!" she started hitting Loren with a pillow.

"Okay, okay." She got up and rubbed her eyes. "Fucking hell,"

"We are gonna have so much fun today!" Said Rachel. Suddenly Loren remembered what happened yesterday and felt like doing what she did last night all over again. "Oh, and about yesterday," she said. Loren looked at her. "Lets just forget about it."

"I agree," said Annie.

"Yeah,"

"I"m gonna go get dressed," Rachel said.

"Mkay, me too."

"Yeah, i'll go to the bathroom to change." said Loren said.

She got up and walked to the bathroom. She could stop thinking about it. She stuck her hands back down just for a light rubbing but took it out, knowing once she started, she wouldn't stop. She then felt her hands fly towards her crotch. She needed to pee. Lets have fun she thought. She got dressed and didn't bother using the bathroom. She walked out and sat on the bed, waiting for Annie and Rachel to finish. She grabbed a water bottle and chugged down the entire thing. Rachel walked out. "Ohh cute outfit." she told Loren.

"Thanks, yours is cute too." Annie walked out. "Really you are wearing THAT?"

"Whats wrong with it?" Annie asked.

"I'll have to agree with Loren on this one." Rachel laughed.

"Bitch, shut up."

"Should I call a taxi?" Loren asked.

"Nah, while you and Rachel were sleeping I rented a car. Not the best, but it's a car." They all got up and walked outside. "I'm driving, by the way."

"I got dibs on the front seat." Yelled Rachel as she ran towards the car and as Annie was putting the bags in the back.

"Fuck you, Rachel" Loren joked. She climbed into the back seat and got comfy. "Annie, where are we going again?"

"The tower. So we will be in this car for a good three hours." ohhh fun Loren thought. And no, she wasn't just talking about the tower. She felt herself getting a little annoyed later. After two hours passed, she was still not desperate. Guess I have a bigger bladder than I thought...She wanted to find a way to mess with her bladder a little. "Lets have Starbucks."

"Yeah, i'm pretty tired from driving, and there is one near by." Annie told her. Yes...She pressed down on her bladder a little. Soon they stopped off at a Starbucks drive through. "Rachel, caramel Frapachino, correct?" Rachel nodded. "Loren?"

"Latte, trenta" She said. The coffee came soon. Loren didn't hesitate to drink the entire cup. She was pissed to find out her desperation was't huge by the time they got to the tower. For the rest of the day she decided to just focus on her fun, and less on omorashi. About 9 hours passed before they drove to find a new hotel. Annie couldn't find one which is why they ended up driving for four hours straight. And what happened in those four hours? Here you go:

Loren got in the car. "Okay, we need to find a hotel." Annie said. She started driving. Loren felt a desperation between her legs. This is what I wanted. She started squeezing and kept moving her body to keep it from escaping. Five minutes into the car ride, she found herself with both hands between her legs. "Guys, look at that waterfall!" Annie said as they passed one. Rachel and Annie were talking about how amazing it was. Loren looked at it to make it a little more fun. She felt a warmness in her underwear and squeezed harder.

An hour later, Loren started to look around and find something to pee in. Her desperation was so high and she didn't want to make a mess infront of her friends. She wanted to do it alone but by what she has been hearing from Annie, they were going to be in this car for a longer time than expected. Nothing. Loren found nothing. She leaked once more, and started to drip. She found a news paper underneath her sat. I could remove my panties and do it here...But after thinking about it a little longer, she thought it probably would not be the best option.

Two hours passed and she couldn't stand it. She tried to keep her desperation low key but stop moving. She started dripping more and at this point the pee escaped her panties. She managed to stop leaving a tiny dark spot on her tight grey leggings. She put her legs in a criss cross position and her hands tightly pressing her crotch. She had never been this desperate. Ever. You could only imagine how happy she was when Annie said the words: We're here!

Loren carried her bags to the hotel. While Annie and Rachel were getting the hotel rooms, Loren was sitting on a hotel chair. She couldn't wait to go and empty her bladder. But she sadly thought she might have to do it in the toilet rather than her pants. Because she couldn't wait for Annie and Rachel to sleep. She saw Rachel walking over to her. Loren tried to play it cool. "Hey, so we can't find a room with three beds here. So do you mind, if you got you got your own hotel room?" Loren was so happy to hear it.

"Why not? Sure." So Rachel went back to Annie to tell her. After ten minutes Annie gave Loren her key. They got in the elevator together and each went to their rooms. Loren messed with the key. One hand was on her crotch and she was bending while trying to open the door. She did eventually. She got in, dropped her bags locked the door, and ran to the the bathroom. Wait, I made it so far I can't just pee in the toilet, we can wait longer. She sat on the bed and started watching TV. She moaned as she held it, until her desperation level was the highest it could get. She got up and started jumping, she let out a bunch of moans. She crossed her legs and had her hands underneath. She struggled her was to the bathroom. I reall need to pee...I can't pee on the floor...I can do it. Spoiler: She couldn't.

Urine flew down legs legs, it dripped and made a tiny puddle. She used her hands to stop but it went right through her fingers. She took the hotel towel and put it underneath. The towel turned yellow before letting the pee go right through. The puddle was was huge. Her pants were soaking wet, so was the bottom of her shirt, and her feet, and the towel in her wet hands. She dropped the towel making a splat sound. She knew she had to clean but her body has BEGGING for a vibrator. So she spent the next hour having fun with it, cleaned the pee up, and continued. She would remember this forever.

