Fahrenheit: The Sexual Urinating Prophecy

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-11-30 04:54

Beginning Note: Finally, this is the story I was looking forward to writing for so long! For those who don’t know, Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy is a game by David Cage just like Heavy Rain, Beyond 2 Souls, and Detroit. Very early in his career and not well known, but it’s what put him on the map. Just like the other three it’s packed with decision making, quick time events, fun but questionable writing, and fanservice galore. Carla Valenti is the female protagonist and my personal favorite over the three ladies (other two being Samantha Malore and Tiffany Harper) so she’ll have the spotlight, but I’ll be sure to give Samantha and Tiffany their own chapters as well (mini chapters might be more accurate). You read that correctly, I’ll actually be splitting the wettings into chapters/sections, almost like the game itself! 

Also, there’s going to be a couple of warnings here. First off, spoilers obviously, if you haven’t played the game please check it out or watch a Let’s Play/Walkthrough. Mine won’t be an exact correlation, there’s actually many significant changes but I’d still check it out in order to understand this better since the source material and this fic will be quite confusing. Secondly, there will be both, numerous female and male wettings and hetero sex, as well as lesbian subtext and even lesbian sex scenes as fantasies.

In addition, it won’t be as vanilla as any of the sex scenes from my previous stories, a good portion of the wettings and sex scenes are used as rituals for the Indigo Prophecy. If you were expecting good character development, complex writing, and representation for LGBTQ, Mayan culture, or pregnant mothers, this ain’t it. Both the Carla x Lucas and Samantha x Tyler relationships will be extended and there is a story, however this is first and foremost a fanservice erotic fanfiction. Final warning, similar to my first two Heavy Rain stories, while the men and women won’t face any sexual harm, there will be undertones and mentionings of non-consent. If none of this has deterred you, then by all means have fun and enjoy.

Act 1: Mind Infiltration

Samantha & Tyler: Ritual Nightmares and Showers of Love

@@Samantha Malorne was having a nightmare. She was lying in bed with her longtime boyfriend Tyler Miles. She was pale and petite, with short cropped black hair, piercing blue eyes, and clad in a black short sleeved jersey, and white g string. He was black and slightly muscular, with warm eyes and wearing nothing but leopard print boxers. It was goofy details like that made Samantha adore her lover, however she was currently tossing and turning because she believed someone was trying to take away her dear Tyler. In her nightmare Samantha was naked and lying down in some strange gynecological chair. The room she was in seemed like an old rundown factory mill, yet the gynecology chair was surrounded by advanced and sophisticated technology, such as heartbeat monitors and other devices she did not quite understand their purposes. Her ankles were strapped to the stirrups and her arms were also strapped to the armrests, leaving her in an embarrassingly submissive position. The only thing comforting her was the fact that no-one else seemed to witness the humiliation of having her naked body on display, especially her dainty pink nipples, black bush, and innie vulva.

Samantha noticed that next to her was what appeared to be a large statue of some tribal warrior, holding a bowl, and it appeared to be filled with water and even a straw right next to her mouth. Upon seeing it, her throat reminded her how parched she was, which made sense considering she hadn’t drank much that day, especially during the night. Regretting that choice deeply, she mentally thanked whoever had left the water, especially for designing the layout of the statue, bowl, and straw so that whoever drank from it didn’t even move their body at all. She opened her lips and gently wrapped them around the straw, sucking every last drop of water. She let out a sigh of relief, feeling relaxed.

Unfortunately, this didn’t last for long. Her heart rate spiked, and the monitor started beeping erratically. Her breathing became erratic, and her body started shaking. It wasn’t out of a heart condition or panic attack however. Her nipples hardened into rosy buds, her clit peaked out of its hood, and her labia grew wet with arousal. As if that wasn’t enough trouble to deal with, her bladder and genitals were experiencing a pleasurable ache for a different kind of release. The woman realized with horror that whatever liquid was in that bowl couldn’t have been purely water, it had been spiked with aphrodisiacs and diuretics.

@@Whoever designed this must have known her biggest humiliations were being seen naked and wetting herself. Samantha couldn’t do anything about being naked and held down, however she insisted on doing everything in her power to deny her captors the right to witnessing her having an accident. Still, how much longer could she hold it, and even if it was permanent, how could she free herself? To make matters even more frustrating, her instincts told her she needed to urinate if she wanted to be free from the chair. In addition to the gyno chair, there was also a hollow space that she knew was meant to contain urine. However it clearly wasn’t an ordinary bedpan. Instead of simply being a stainless steel tray that would be withdrawn from underneath the chair, it appeared to be a miniature fountain or pool carved into the ground. Trying to look around the room, she noticed some new details she had previously missed. The wall in front of her had three very detailed paintings of some sort, demonstrating a man and woman from whatever tribe they hailed from and their use of the chair and fountain.

@@The first one was the native woman being strapped to the chair, being railed missionary style by her lover. Samantha couldn’t deny how arousing she found the sketch her submissive nature, being restrained in a sex chair and pounded by Tyler was something out of her wildest dreams. The second painting was both of them urinating into the carved space. This time the man appeared to be struggling as he had to spread his legs a little to avoid stepping in the pool whereas the woman simply had to do it while still sitting in the chair, thus not having to risk performing strenuous poses or dirtying herself. Samantha blushed, she was very pee-shy and combined with everything else just seemed impossible. If Tyler was there though, it was a possibility. To her horror, the third painting had changed the woman sitting from an obtuse angle to lying completely flat, and she was very pregnant. Meanwhile the man stood by her side and a new woman, perhaps a doctor or nurse, was holding the pregnant woman by the inner thighs. Thankfully that was as far as the painting went, however Samantha didn’t need to be in obstetrics to realize that the conclusion of the bizarre ritual was the woman giving birth.

“Samantha, Samantha hold on! What the hell have you done to my fiance!” Tyler screamed. She shivered at the anger in his voice and looked up to see him also naked, being marched and held hostage by a group of men wearing gas masks and army fatigues. They were also holding AK-9 rifles fitted with suppressors. Most noticeably, the one holding Tyler wore a robe and had a monstrous face reminiscent of some sort of orc. More importantly, he held Samantha’s soulmate in a headlock, holding his own Beretta 92fs pistol to his forehead. “Tyler, Tyler, what have they done to you?! Let him go!” she cried in anger and fear. “I’m alright babe, shit, what do you want with her?! If you lay a finger on her-!” “Both of you, stay quiet.” The cultist holding Tyler commanded with a booming voice that clearly held malice. He shoved him towards Samantha, but made sure to still aim the pistol in his direction.

@@“Do you love her?” the orc man questioned. “Of course I do!” “Do you love him?” “Yes, with all my heart! Please just let us go! As a matter of fact, you can kill me, fuck me, or do whatever you want if you let Tyler go!” “Samantha no, how could you say that?!” Tyler denied in outrage. “I know I’ve been a terrible and unsupportive girlfriend.” Samantha sobbed. “I kept begging you to quit your job as a detective even though it’s important and what you love doing. You’re clearly the one that deserves to live.” “Both of you, enough! I’m tired of your ramblings, especially you!” the cultist growled. “Hysterical woman, you won’t fit within our clan if you keep up such shameful behavior!” “What?” they both questioned. “We have no intention of hurting either of you. The Orange Clan partakes in violent and erotic activities, but never combine the two together, and especially not to our clan members.” This time, both lovers exchanged confused glances. “What the hell are you talking about Green Goblin?” Tyler angrily questioned.

“Tyler Miles and Samantha Marlorne, I am the Oracle and a representative of the Orange Clan. The men and women gathered with me have chosen the both of you to join us. Please accept this invitation with grace, for it is a huge honor.” “Most people send invitations by writing cards, not kidnapping and forcibly stripping us naked!” Tyler shot back. “We didn’t do any of that, you’re just having that cognition because this is a dream and possible future.” “What are you talking about? Also why would you even recruit us to your cult, we’re just ordinary people!” Samantha questioned. “First off, we are a clan or a tribe, don’t ever refer to us as a cult. Secondly we don’t have much time, just do as we say.”

“Fine, what?” Tyler inquired, just wanting to be done with whatever the hell was going on. “Tyler and Samantha, to test your full capabilities we ask that you lie together and make water afterwards, into the Chroma Artifact.” Samantha blushed at the voyeuristic instructions while Tyler’s face formed a face of confusion. “I’m sorry, what?” “He’s asking us to have sex and pee. I think the Chroma Artifact is the fountain below.” Sam answered, looking down with her severe blush growing. “At least the woman uses her brain.” Tyler looked towards the Oracle and the rest of the Orange Clan in shock. “You’re all damn sick perverts!” “How? Both of you are in love and make love quite often, this is just another session. Why is your manhood so limp? Your lover is aroused and lying wide open, I figured both of you would be ecstatic.” The masked figures finally spoke up, either laughing or whispering in confusion.

@@“I can’t get it up if both of us are put in a situation neither of us want to be in! Just let us go!” “Didn’t I tell you this was a dream? Anyways, if you won’t lay together, fill the Chroma Artifact with your fluids.” “Finally, something I can do.” Tyler grumbled as he stepped back until he was no longer stepping in the pool, held his cock and aimed, then closed his eyes. With a groan, a thin pale yellow urine stream trickled out of his member and spattered against the stone fountain. When done he shook the head of his dick until it was dry. “Now the woman.” The Oracle ordered. Samantha normally would have protested, however having seen the love of her life do something so taboo broke her limits. With a loud cry of ecstasy, a waterfall of clear urine poured out of her genitals and down the slope of the gynecological chair, creating a monstrous waterfall that splashed with Tyler’s creek, creating a harmony of urine. The Oracle and his masked minions cheered while she was gasping in relief and pleasure, too engulfed in the rush to hear Tyler calling her name.

“Samantha, it’s alright babe! It’s alright…” Tyler declared as Samantha woke up to being repeatedly shaken by him. “Huh? Oh Tyler!” she exclaimed as she embraced him and proceeded to deeply kiss him, which he returned. “What did I do to deserve this?” he exclaimed with a grin. “Tyler don’t joke! I had a nightmare, you were surrounded by these cult looking men, they were wearing gas masks and had guns. One of them, I saw his face. He looked like an orc or something, and he threatened us into joining his clan! We had to pee together.” she added the last part in embarrassment. Tyler let out a chuckle. “Babe, I can assure you no Lord of the Rings monster will do me in, especially with you in my life. Besides, I’d love to piss with you anytime.” “I’m scared, how much longer can you keep this up? Especially after the murder you were investigating last night. Please, let’s go to Florida with my family. We can raise our kids in a safe environment.”

“I understand your concern but you know it’s my duty to make this city a safer place. I want our kids to live comfortably too, but please let me help these people first.” Tyler assured. “I understand.” Samantha replied sadly. “Let me go make coffee.” “Actually, I should make coffee, you need to hop in the shower. Don’t worry about the laundry.” “Laundry? Huh, why do I…?” Samantha trailed off as she realized a good portion of her side of the bed had a large damp spot, in addition the bottom of her jersey and her g string were completely soaked. “Shit, seriously?! Oh what is wrong with me?” she cried. “It’s alright Sam, nothing to be ashamed of.” Tyler explained in a comforting tone. “Nothing to be ashamed of? I wet the bed and am covered in piss. I feel so dirty…” she groaned. “Is it dirty when you squirt all over the bed?” her boyfriend replied with a good natured grin. “What the...that’s not the same!”

“Not technically, but pretty damn similar. Just hop in the shower and I’ll prove it.” Tyler encouraged. Sam reluctantly peeled off her jersey and wet g string. To her further embarrassment urine drops still clung to her legs and thick black bush. She figured Tyler would finally stop trying to comfort her and just admit she was disgusting, but to her surprise his expression looked even more pleased and his hard-on poked through his silly leopard print boxers. Samantha couldn’t help but feel her clit harden and her nipples peak, she knew Tyler would cheer her up and make sweet love to her as he always knew how to.

First order of business was to clean herself up. First Samantha stepped in the shower and turned it on. Normally the cold blast would have caused her to shriek and grumble in irritation, but instead she just felt relieved at finally being able to be clean. Even if she was starting to understand why urination could be sexy, that didn’t mean she wanted it to linger. The same applied to other bodily fluids, even sexual ones. After getting used to the frigid pelting water she grabbed the shower head and held it to her crotch, spraying her bush and labia clean of any urine. She couldn’t help but moan when some of the shower hit her already hardening clit.

“Already starting without me I see.” Tyler replied as he stepped in. “Tyler!” she yelped. “What? We’re practically married Sam, you think I don’t know what you do in your private time? I’ve heard you getting active before. Keep going.” Sam hesitated, but decided to go right ahead. If they could fuck, then she could most certainly masturbate until he joined in. She adjusted the shower head to aim right at her clit, and used her other hand to pinch her pink nipples and massage her petite breasts. Samantha pleasured herself for around a minute, until Tyler leaned in and kissed her, his hard and lengthy cock rubbing against her flat tummy. She kissed back as hard as she could, awkwardly setting the showerhead back in its original position. They both giggled and nuzzled their noses together in a playful passion, with Tyler leaning in to whisper in his lover’s ear. “This is it Sam, you ready?”

She nodded, and lifted her leg up to try and position it against the adjacent wall. There were a couple of slips and Tyler had to hold Sam steady in place, both of them giggling. Contrary to what HBO and pornography show, shower sex isn’t anywhere near as simple or flawless as it appears, although it could certainly be just as sexy. Thankfully Sam was very flexible due to her petite frame and gymnastic studies, along with Tyler being an athlete as well. In addition, the two were just so in love they could simply laugh and enjoy the dumb things that happened because that’s how romance works. Sam shuddered with hard breathes in anticipation as Tyler left a trail of kisses on her cheek and neck, while he simultaneously massaged her shoulders, breasts, abdomen, and slowly stuck a finger in her snatch, curling it inwards and out to prepare for penetration.

“Tyler, I can’t wait anymore!” “Say the magic words, darling.” he whispered. “Fuck me…” she whispered back. “What was that?” he questioned as he playfully withdrew his finger and petted her thick pubes. “PLEASE FUCK ME!” she begged. “That’s what I like to hear!” he replied as he leaned back, then thrusted forward, sticking his throbbing member straight into her pussy, nailing her cervix. “OH!” she moaned in ecstasy, feeling the large shaft thrust in and out, causing beautiful sensations to travel all throughout her erogenous zones. Her lower lips clamped tighter around his member with each thrust, making Tyler groan in pleasure as well. They both voiced approval when the head of his dick touched her G Spot, causing Samantha to shudder in approval.

“What is it Sam? Am I hurting you?” Tyler voiced in concern. “N-no I feel wonderful, you know how to make me feel like heaven. I just really need to pee again.” “That’s the point sweetheart.” Tyler knowingly replied as he started moving in rhythm again, his dick slamming against her G Spot again. “Tyler, TYLER!!” she screamed, not even bothering to hold back anymore. If Tyler wanted her to piss, she certainly would. With a final shriek of orgasmic ecstasy, Tyler pulled out and jizzed on the drain, then proceeded to hold Samantha steady, then watched as she squirted, a fountain of clear liquid spraying like a fire hose. After a couple of more spurts, a thinner and more controlled stream of urine poured out, splattering against Sam’s inner thighs and falling against the drain. Tyler bent down to lick her bush and snatch clean, then stood back up to let the shower to do the rest of the job.

“Oh, that was wonderful Tyler!” “See dear? I knew you would love it, you just have to be a little more open minded.” he replied. The two kissed again, although a little more relaxed due to their lovemaking. Sam noticed in amusement that his cock was starting to relax to its normal state, although it twitched a couple of times. Suddenly she had an idea. “Can we try something?” “Sam baby, as much as I’d love a sex marathon I need to get to work, Carla’s probably got her panties in a twist.” Tyler laughed. Normally a girlfriend would be annoyed and perhaps jealous at her boyfriend mentioning another woman’s name and underwear apparel, especially a beautiful, more curvaceous woman who was a close coworker and spent so much time with him.

However Sam had seen the two interact, and was personally good friends with Carla well enough to know the two were simply buds who liked to solve crimes, spar, and watch basketball. In addition, the petite beauty couldn’t help but admit how attractive the other woman was due to her bisexuality. That had certainly made things awkward when the two peed together but Carla was nothing but a kind and considerate friend, brushing off any concerns without a care. Sam blushed at the memory, but then remembered her previous idea. She grabbed Tyler’s hand.

“I’m too exhausted to even think about going for another round right now, much less a whole marathon. I just want to see you pee.” “What?” “It’s only fair, you saw me go twice.” Sam protested with a cute pout. “Well technically I didn’t have the pleasure of seeing you go the first time, just the aftermath.” Tyler slyly shot back. “In that case you actually saw me go three times then, first in the bed, then when I squirted, and when I urinated after that.” “I’m just messing with you girl, of course you can see me piss. I’ve actually been meaning to since I forgot my usual morning leak.” “What? How come?” “Well, first I had to wake you up and calm you down, what good boyfriend lets his woman sleep through such a nightmare?” “Oh, right. Well why not afterwards?”

@@“Well, after seeing your accident I got a little excited and you don’t know how hard it is to take a leak when you’re hard, see what I did there?” In goofy fashion Tyler laughed at his own pun as he walked to the toilet, Sam tailing him. She was so excited that she gradually leaned in until Tyler told her not to. “Careful Sam, I don’t want any to splash in your face. Besides, you keep breathing on my dick and I’m gonna get hard again, it’s enough temptation that you’re still naked.” Sam blushed but stood back straight and backed up a little. Tyler grabbed his cock, aimed, then groaned and let loose. The thin stream exited his urethra and Sam watched in amazement. The trickle splashed and created a nice resonating sound, and the water quickly darkened to a slight yellow. In addition Tyler’s urine was rapidly firing so much that bubbles were starting to form, effectively covering all the water. He eventually finished after a couple of spurts, shook his penis dry, then took a piece of tissue paper and dabbed the head.

“Woah, that was so sexy.” Samantha whispered. “Cue applause.” Tyler exclaimed with a smirk. “Still, I was wondering when you would finally realize you were into piss play.” “Realize? It just happened.” Samantha replied, confused. “That’s not exactly true. You were always into it, or at least were for some time. You just didn’t know it yet.” “Yeah? And how did you know, Mr. Fetish Genius?” “Well, you would never be near me when either of us had to go. That could just be shyness but we’re lovers. In addition, on the off chance when I accidentally saw you, you certainly seemed embarrassed, but weren’t angry like if I had caught you doing number two. It was more as if you liked that I saw, but didn’t want to admit it. It was so extreme you even held it in and wet yourself just because you didn’t want me to hear your piss hitting the water.”

“Oh, right.” Samantha reminisced. The experience had been so mortifying, not only because she had pissed her jeans in front of her boyfriend, but also because she couldn’t help but think that she wanted to do it again. Thankfully Tyler helped, so he had called Carla to help her with her problem. Speaking of, the phone call rang with a message. “Tyler! Get your ass to the office!” the beautifully accented voice resonated in the apartment. “This case requires all the help I can afford, and I refuse to deal with Jeffrey pestering me about the money YOU owe him.” The call ended.

“I’ve never heard her like that, she’s always so easygoing.” Samantha voiced her concern. “Shit, she’s pissed! Carla’s going to have my balls if I’m any more late.” Tyler panicked as he started to throw on new boxers, some jeans, his trademark blue camo sweater, and heavy army green jacket. “Just tell her about this morning, minus the shower sex.” Samantha suggested. “Are you sure?” “It’s fine, I don’t want you getting in trouble and Carla will vouch for you if I’m involved. Besides, we’ve seen each other urinate, it can’t be any closer than that.” “Right, just the mental image to keep me motivated.” Tyler exclaimed with a grin. “Tell me who was better, me or her?”

“Go to work!” Samantha yelled. “Alright alright, have a good day babe. Also get dressed, don’t want you catching a cold.” Samantha realized in slight embarrassment that she was still naked and freezing her nipples off. She bade him farewell and put on a black henley and tugged on some blue panties and navy jeans. Even though he was clearly just joking, Samantha couldn’t help but admit Carla’s peeing session was much more erotic and impressive, although Tyler clearly won out due to being the love of her life and knowing how to service her body in all the right places. The thought brought a relaxed smile on her face, and she hoped Tyler would return safe and sound.

Carla and Sam: Standing Pissing Tutorial and Desperation at the Station

“That lazy bastard Tyler.” detective Carla Valenti grumbled to herself as she busied herself in her office. She had a deep tan and long brown hair gathered in a ponytail, with full lips and full curves to top it off. A red and black sweater, and brown slacks adorned her body. Underneath those she had a white tank top and white tanga panties hugging her curves. In addition, a long tan coat meant to ward off the frigid New York freeze hung on a coat rack. Her slacker of a partner Tyler Miles was missing. He always arrived slightly late, but being late to this extreme was ridiculous and far from professional detective behavior. They had a serious case on their hands and he was taking his sweet time, probably making sweet love to his girlfriend Samantha. Carla had a slight moment of guilt, knowing Samantha had legit emotional issues and maybe Tyler was doing his best to comfort her.

Still, she couldn’t help but be annoyed, especially since right before entering her office fellow officer Jeffrey pestered her about Tyler owing him one hundred bucks, and had been for six months. Who forgets to pay someone back so much money for six months?! The detective blew him off since she had no reason to be involved but still understood why he was peeved. All this coursed through her mind as she continued to type her report on what had happened last night. Normally Carla wasn’t this annoyed, she preferred to keep herself cool and reserved. Unfortunately she had made the dangerous mistake of drinking a little more coffee than she should have.

This in itself usually wasn’t a problem, Carla usually avoided it altogether or drank small amounts, but after staying up so late due to investigating the new murder last night, she needed the caffeine, and LOTS of it. Drinking a lot of caffeinated drinks however, increased one need to urinate and Carla had been holding it in for a good portion of time. As tempting as it would be to head to the nearest toilet and let loose, she denied herself the luxury until Tyler appeared and took over her duties. Besides, she loved retaining urine, the prolonged desire to urinate combined with the competitive nature of having a record made it one of Carla’s sexual hobbies, inferior only to masturbation and real sex. Still, she had finished her portion of work and refused to do Tyler’s, meaning all she could do was kill time.

She stood up and did tricks with her Duncan yoyo, hoping to distract herself. For most people this would have worked, however Carla Valenti was a very curious person who loved to ponder. Her dire need to piss was so bad, everything she thought about would always go back to that topic. She hadn’t ever felt a need like this save for one time. It had been six months ago, during the summer. Tyler had given her a call about Samantha. She had assumed it would have been their typical sparring session but that had to be canceled. The detective remembered it quite vividly, due to how bizarre it was.

“Carla, thanks for picking up.” “Tyler, is something the matter?” she had questioned, noticing Tyler’s voice was rather panicked and stern compared to his usually carefree tone. “A little bit. We can’t sparr tomorrow, Samantha needs your help once you’re free.” “What’s the matter, I’ll be happy to help.” Over the line she heard said woman pipe up. “No Tyler, don’t tell her!” “Samantha, I have to! I can’t help you and you refuse to see a therapist, what else can we do?” he argued.

“I don’t need to see a therapist. It's a waste of money and time, for a small ordeal.” Samantha bitterly replied. “Exactly, it’s a small ordeal that we could work out together, but you won’t let me help so I have no choice but to treat it as something serious. Samantha babe please, Carla’s a friend who can help you. If you can’t talk to me, at least talk to her.” “Um, what’s going on?” Carla joined in, wanting to get to the bottom of things. “Samantha, please.” “Okay, just do it.” the other woman finally agreed with a hint of sadness. “No, I want to hear it from her.” the detective declared. “What?”

“I understand this is a personal issue, whatever it is, but if Samantha needs my help she needs to tell me herself so we can work it out. Just put it on speakerphone.” A beep was heard. “Hi Carla…” she heard Samantha greet with hesitation. “Hello Samantha. Please tell me what the issue is so I can help.” “Okay, I er...um...I peed.” “I’m sorry, what was that?” “I peed myself, are you happy?! I pissed all over my skinny jeans and I’m standing in my own puddle!” Samantha cried. “Oh Samantha honey, accidents happen, it's nothing to be ashamed of.” Carla reassured. ‘That’s it?’ she internally wondered. ‘I understand why she’s so embarrassed but this doesn’t seem like an issue I can help with. Also that bit about the skinny jeans and puddle was oddly specific.’

“That’s not really the issue.” Tyler cut in. “Samantha is extremely pee shy, and she was holding it in far longer than necessary because I was in the shower. She risked wetting herself all because I would have heard her tinkle, even though we’ve seen each other naked and have had sex who know how many times.” “Tyler, don’t tell her about our bedroom life!” Samantha admonished. “The logic is there though.” Carla agreed. “Urination is not that big of a deal, it’s a bodily fluid that exits the genitals. I’m sure you and Tyler see that all the time. I don’t think he will be disgusted if he hears water splashing.”

“That’s what I’ve been telling her!” “Still, I suppose I understand where you’re coming from, everyone has variations of privacy. Tell you what, I can’t do anything about your pee shyness but I can make sure no one can hear it.” “How, play loud music whenever I go?” Samantha sarcastically replied. “Even better, I can teach you how to pee standing up.” “What?! Girls can do that?” “Sure we can. It takes a little bit of practice, but it works like a charm! I actually urinate standing just as much as sitting. Come to my place tomorrow and I’ll help. Bring lots of drinks, but don’t have any until you’re in my apartment, you don’t want to have a premature accident.” Carla advised.

“I’m not sure about this…” Samantha replied hesitantly. “Trust me Sam, things will be much easier. There’s no need to worry!” “Okay, I’ll be there.” “Great! Remember to bring whatever beverages you want, I’ll take care of everything else. See you tomorrow.” With that, she hung up. She figured it would be a pretty simple matter but the next day Tyler explained it was more complicated than she originally believed. “I don’t get what the matter is Tyler, we’re both women. Samantha has nothing to be ashamed of.” “But that’s the thing Carla, Sam’s bi.” “So? Are you afraid I’m gonna steal your girlfriend? You should have better faith in your lover, just because someone is bisexual doesn’t mean they’re promiscuous. Honestly Tyler, I don’t know what goes on in that head of yours.”

“Of course I trust Sam, that’s not the point. Still, biology is biology, and the matter of fact is she finds you very sexy and you’ll be pissing together. That just sounds like a recipe for awkwardness.” “Tyler, I promise you Samantha will be fine. I know what I’m doing. I told her I couldn’t help with her pee shyness last night, but that was a bit misleading on my part. You see, if we spend a good portion of time practicing how to urinate in such close proximity, Sam will absolutely overcome her shy bladder, I guarantee it!” “Thanks Carla, Sam really needed this.” “Of course, I’ll always be happy to help either of you out whenever you two need it.” “Alright Carla, take care.” “Likewise.”

Samantha was wearing a black t-shirt and skinny jeans, shaking with a bit of anticipation. Of course she was mortified beyond belief, but also somewhat excited. Peeing in front of Carla, Carla peeing in front of her, peeing while standing up? It was all so new, her heart was pounding. She coughed a little, her throat being slightly parched due to Carla’s advice. She withheld drinking any beverages but made sure to bring her favorites (mimosa and fruit punch). She rang the doorbell, waiting for Carla to answer.

“It’s me, Samantha.” “Coming right there!” the other woman replied through the door. She opened it, dressed in nothing but a white tank top and tanga panties. The tank top was low cut, showing a nice amount of cleavage, and her belly button and abs were also exposed. “Come on in.” Carla invited with a casual wave of her hand as she walked back in. Samantha nodded and followed, shutting the door. Now that Carla was turned around, Samantha took the time to admire the slightly exposed ass cheeks the tanga panties flaunted. It appeared all of Carla’s beautiful body was tan, even her hidden parts.

“You like what you see?” Carla teased in good nature. “Why the hell are you even dressed like that?” Samantha shot back. “What, it’s my own apartment and it’s summer, I’m sweating my tits off!” The crude joke was meant to be figurative but Samantha did indeed see beads of sweat forming on Carla’s breasts, along with her midriff and posterior. “Considering how blazing hot it is and what we’re going to be doing soon, maybe I should’ve just gone naked.” Samantha just blushed and showed her friend the drinks she brought over.

“Good, I’m glad you brought multiple, I wasn't sure if I was specific enough.” “Well you did say ‘drinks’ as plural. Still, why do I need so many?” “Well you’re probably not going to get it right the first time, we need to lock this down. Practice makes perfect after all. Drink the mimosa first, the alcohol should help remove your inhibitions.” “Right, right.” The two soon drank up, with Carla enjoying some Sherry. They settled into conversation, Carla mentioning that Tyler was a doofus for having the nerve to borrow one hundred bucks from another police officer named Jeffrey and not paying him back yet. “That idiot! I need to chew him out once I get back. Oh...” (She completely forgets about it).

“What is it Samantha? Do you have to go?” “Yes.” “How much?” “Um, a three?” “Oh, just hold it then.” “What? Why?” “I’m still not finished, besides I want to see how long you can hold it. Maybe we can increase those rookie numbers.” Samantha glared as Carla took her sweet time with her wine. She was visibly shaking and holding her crotch while the other woman relaxed. Suddenly she gasped. “Carla, please, I need to pee!” “Okay, head to the shower, I’m feeling nature calling too.”

“Why here?” Samantha questioned when they reached it. It wasn’t a shower with a glass door like hers and Tyler’s. Instead it was a porcelain tub with an upper shower head and a lower faucet, along with a shower curtain. “Like I said, you’re gonna need a ton of practice. No offense but I’d rather not clean your piss from the floor when I have a perfectly good shower.” “Oh, right, sorry.” “What’re you waiting for Sam? Get undressed!” Carla admonished as she yanked off her panties and removed her tank top, revealing all of herself in naked glory.

As Samantha had imagined, Carla’s breasts were full and luscious, dotted with slightly large and rigid areolas and hard nipples, both of which were a pleasant dark brown. What did catch her off guard was her completely bare crotch. Due to Carla’s lack of a love life as well as general style Samantha always figured she would also have a full bush, or at least somewhat of a patch but no, Carla Valenti had gone and waxed any remains of pubic hair from her groin.

Sam also began to undress, first unbuttoning, unzipping and pulling down her skinny jeans, then removing her g string. She wondered if she should remove her shirt as well as she set aside both articles of clothing. The petite woman considered leaving it on, but decided to remove it as well, exposing her small but still beautiful pale breasts. Carla removed hers, and considering she would turn on the shower to wash away any urine there was no reason to keep it on unless she wanted to get soaked. Speaking of, Carla whistled in appreciation as she studied the other woman’s body.

“Damn Sam, you are one naughty girl! A g string is already pushing it, but a full bush? And it’s so well kept too, just the perfect volume!” “Thanks. You should try it, it would be a good look for you.” “I agree, but do you know how much work they require? I don’t have the time to constantly trim it until I reach perfection, just shaving it all off in a couple of quick strokes is much less effort. Enough of that, it’s time to piss. Make sure to watch and mimic each step perfectly.” Samantha wordlessly nodded.

“First, wash your hands with wet wipes or hand sanitizer.” Carla instructed as she handed Samantha a wipe. “Next make sure to stand up properly. Spread your legs a little like I’m doing, then thrust forward a little. After that, form your fingers in a V and spread your labia apart. That’s why I told you to wash your hands, you don’t want to dirty your vulva. Now, aim at something. I’m going for the shower drain. When you’re ready, relax and go wild.” With that, Carla closed her eyes, moaned in relief, and let loose. Samantha was awestruck, as Carla’s urine stream shot out in a perfect arc, going down the drain. Once she was done, the detective wiped her labia dry to get rid of any droplets.

“Your turn.” Carla replied nonchalantly. “Um, okay. I don’t know if I can do this.” “It’s alright Sam, that’s why we’re doing it here. When you get better you can try the can.” “Alright then.” Samantha agreed, as she prepared, following Carla’s instructions to a tee. Once her hips were properly thrust forward and labia spread apart, Samantha relaxed her bladder. Unfortunately the nirvana of finally releasing was so great that she lost concentration as well as control, and urine splattered all over her inner thighs and pooled at her feet. “Shit!” she yelled in frustration and paused her stream.

“Sam, keep going.” “I can’t, I’m heading to the toilet.” “But you were doing so good!” “No I wasn’t, I just pissed all over myself!” “No you didn’t, at least not as much as I did.” That caught Samantha’s attention. “Really?” “Of course! Instead of properly preparing I always just stood up straight and washed it off afterwards. I had to ask around and eventually developed a good technique. Just try again.” Carla encouraged her friend. Samantha nodded and continued her stream. This time a good arc squirted out and continued to travel, going down the drain just like Carla’s. After some more dribbles the trickle was concluded. Sam concluded her piss with a laugh of victory and shook her hips, gyrating a little. Carla laughed as well in amusement. “You could have just wiped like I did.”

“I’m already wet, besides I still have to practice shaking anyways, it’s a good help.” “That it is. Lie down and spread 'em wide so I can wash you.” Carla agreed as she reached for the shower head. Samantha abided, giving her a clear view of her pink lower lips. Carla first made sure to aim at Sam’s privates and legs, eliciting a moan from Sam as the water spray had touched her clit. Then she washed away the urine on the floor, making sure it all went down the drain. “Alright, so that was a good first try. Let’s fill our bladders some more and we’ll do the toilet this time.” “You think I’m ready for that?”

“Sure, you’re a pretty quick learner!” Carla complimented as she toweled off. Sam followed suit and the two naked women headed back to the kitchen table. This time the petite waif enjoyed her beloved fruit punch while the curvaceous knockout detective guzzled some lemonade. They talked about some more wetting experiences until the familiar need rang clear. The two ladies stood up and headed towards the toilet, then prepared by using hand sanitizer to wash their hands. “Again, carefully pay attention to what I do. On the one hand, a large toilet bowl is a much easier target than a small shower drain. On the other hand however, you’re aiming for the porcelain which is a bit trickier. In addition, taking off all your clothes is necessary for the shower so that’s not an issue, but in a public or private restroom, as well as outdoors that’s another story.” “What am I supposed to do in those situations?”

“Well it depends. If you’re just wearing pants, taking them off completely is no problem. When you get enough practice, just unzipping and pulling them down to your ankles is fine. If you’re wearing a dress however, I guess you can take it off completely if you really want to pee standing up. Otherwise I just recommend sitting down. Now, back to here. The instructions are pretty much the same, just make sure to aim for the porcelain of the toilet bowl.” Carla got into position, and with a grunt, shot her piss out in an arc once more. It was a direct hit, almost noiselessly running down the porcelain with a very faint hiss. Once she was done she wiped off with a wet wipe and tossed it into the toilet bowl.

“Now you try.” Carla suggested as she stepped back to give her friend room. Sam stepped forward and thrust her hips towards the direction of the porcelain that Carla had just pissed on. Once she was certain her aim was on point, she spread her genitals apart, relaxed her bladder, and felt urine pour out. Just like Carla’s, it exited in a beautiful and perfect arc. Towards the end some droplets ended up on her legs but for the most part Samantha had nailed peeing standing up. She wiped herself off and also chucked her wipe in the toilet with a smile on her face. “You wanna do the honors?” Carla questioned with a sly smile as she pointed at the trip lever. Samantha nodded and flushed the toilet.

@@“Congrats Sam, now you know how to pee standing up! Make sure to try it out anytime you feel like.” “You bet I will! It’s a strange feeling, but I like it. Thanks so much, I’d hug you but we’re, well…naked.” “It’s okay, bring it here.” Carla replied as she opened her arms. Samantha complied and the two women tightly embraced. It was pleasant, until Samantha’s bush tickled Carla’s bare crotch and their nipples rubbed against each other. The two quickly pulled apart with an awkward giggle and proceeded to readorn their clothes. “Alright then, you have a good one.” Carla bade farewell. “You too, thanks for everything.” Unbeknownst to Carla, her teaching changed Samantha’s irritation towards urination to curiosity and would later evolve into arousal, which was what would eventually lead Tyler to be late six months later. What she did know was the memories caused her to accidentally let a spurt loose. She gasped and blushed, holding her crotch and was thankful no-one had witnessed her shameful display or could tell that she had leaked since it didn’t show on her slack pants.

‘My iron bladder is not at its peak performance.’ Carla thought to herself. Not wanting to have an embarrassing accident in front of her colleagues she continued to head towards the bathroom when someone called her. “Carla, can you do me a favor?” Martin McCarthy questioned. “Sure Martin, what do you need?” “That Kirsten file you were looking for, it’s down in the Archives Room, think you can get it?” “Leave it to me.” the female detective casually replied, inwardly however she was terrified. ‘The tight spaces in the Archives Room are a nightmare, my claustrophobia is going to spiral out of control! It’s a miracle I didn’t piss myself just thinking about it’ she internally panicked as she marched herself to the frigid cramped room. She still remembered how Tyler and Samantha had laughed when they were playing the Resident Evil Remaster and the infamous ‘Jill Sandwich’ cutscene occurred.

In the game, the female protagonist Jill Valentine was almost crushed to death when she triggered the trap by trying to obtain a Winchester 1897 trench gun (both she and Tyler high fived when they successfully identified the model, causing Sam to playfully roll her eyes), and her teammate Barry pulled her in at the last second. Jill survived and was even rewarded with the shotgun, however at the cost of wetting herself in fear and listening to Barry’s sandwich pun. Of course it wasn’t enough to trigger her claustrophobia, however Carla still pitied the protagonist. Jill was a tough and elite police woman, however that didn’t mean she was invulnerable. Tyler and Sam found the whole ordeal more humorous than anything, which confused her since the cutscene wasn’t played for comedic effect.

“I’m sorry, was this supposed to be an inside joke within the Resident Evil fandom?” “Yes, however that’s not why it’s funny.” Tyler said once he settled down. “The voice acting is certainly leagues above the original, however this still isn’t good. When Jill pees herself she doesn’t sound scared or ashamed, more like Sam Heidi is annoyed that she had to voice act that scene.” Sam explained. “You can tell it was added simply because someone at Capcom had a piss fetish and wanted to show it off with their advanced graphics since this wasn’t in the original or explained in any manuals, guide, or interviews.” Tyler continued. Carla believed him, he loved researching video game lore. “If that’s the case, they failed. Jill can look that pretty but her urine isn’t programmed to show on her pants and instead a puddle just randomly appears at her feet?” Sam questioned with mild annoyance.

“Yeah, talk about inaccuracy. If you’re going to add fanservice, go all out.” Carla added. Despite what she and Tyler had said, Sam continued to be a closeted urine fetishist. The best either of them could do was cleverly imply it so she would eventually come to the conclusion herself. “Speaking of inaccuracy, Jill shouldn’t have even been the one. Rebecca would totally piss herself, not Jill.” Tyler added. “What?! How dare you insult Rebecca like that?” Sam countered, outraged that her favorite character was being made fun of. “What, she’s an innocent and harmless medic, a tough elite cop like Jill wouldn’t wet her pants in any situation.” “Actually, I have to disagree.” Carla joined in. She was pretending to focus on the game, however that was just an excuse to not look her friends in the eyes.

“Jill almost died. Just being in that cramped room would have uncorked my bladder.” the detective continued. Tyler and Samantha shared a look. “You’re claustrophobic?” her partner questioned. “Yeah, please don’t tell anyone at the office. I don’t want to get fired or have any rumors being spread.” “Your secret’s safe with us.” Tyler promised. “And I can totally relate. Not the claustrophobia, the pants wetting.” Sam nervously added. “Well I meant hypothetically, it never actually happened.” Carla teased. Both detectives laughed at Sam as she blushed and grumbled. It was a happy memory, however at that moment it seemed more like cruel irony as Carla traversed the aisles.

@@‘I’ve never related to Jill Valentine more in my life. Tough female cop wets her pants while solving a puzzle to get an item.’ It wasn’t even a question of whether she could make it or not, it was a forgone conclusion. Still, wet pants she could deal with. That file was what was most important and she was going to get it if it, even if that meant soaking her slacks with urine. Her breathing became rapid as she traversed the terminals, and her bladder panged some more. Ignoring it, she continued her search. Finally, it was there, all she had to do was reach. Standing on her toes, she lifted, however this also stretched her bladder. This time a lengthier spurt hit and a noticeable wet patch covered her crotch and inner thighs. Tears clouded her eyes and her breathing came in sobbing gasps, however she persevered and finally grabbed the tape and ran out of those cursed terminals. Knowing she was safe and had accomplished her goal despite her handicaps, Carla closed her eyes and gave in to her needs. On instinct her body relaxed and she voided her bladder. The detective sighed in relief, a lazy smile gracing her lips as urine continued to pour out of her. By the time she was done, her brown slacks were soaked and a noticeable puddle had gathered around her feet.

‘I’m not even embarrassed or uncomfortable, it felt so good! No wonder Samantha secretly enjoys this, she just needs to admit it. Still, it sucks that someone’s going to see me like this. With any luck I can contact Tyler or McCarthy to come here in private.’ She first stuck the tape into the computer and noticed in disappointment the only information that was released was the name of the detective who handled the case. Carla waited, and after five minutes her pants dried to some extent, however the remnants of her accident were still noticeable and the puddle wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. Having no choice, she contacted Tyler on his radio and when he answered told him to meet her by the computer terminal, and to bring her a new pair of slacks from her closet. He finished his portion of work and eventually stopped by with what she requested.

“Actually working Tyler? I suppose that’ll make up for your outstanding tardiness, I do believe this is a new record.” she sternly criticised as she crossed her arms and tapped her foot in annoyance once he arrived. “However, because of that I was forced to traverse the terminals myself and with a full bladder. You don’t need to look at my crotch or the puddle on the ground to determine the aftermath, although you’re more than welcome to if that’s what it takes to prevent this from ever happening again. “Shit Carla, I’m sorry, I seriously am!” Tyler sincerely apologized as he handed her the pair of new slacks. He turned the other way to keep watch while simultaneously giving Carla privacy. She unzipped her slacks and peeled them off, along with the sopping tanga panties. She wrung them dry to the best of her abilities, then stuffed them in the pocket of the slacks she had an accident in.

“However…?” she trailed off as she pulled up and buttoned her new pants, recognizing the tone in her partner’s voice and knowing he had some excuse. “Sam had a nightmare about me dying. As if that wasn’t enough she also wet the bed.” “Oh poor dear, I’m so sorry for her. Wait, did she-?” “Yeah she said I could tell you. She trusts you, and knew I needed her backing so you wouldn’t be on my ass.” “Of course, I understand.” Tyler breathed a sigh of relief, and thought back to his morning. The mental image of Sam writhing, squirting, and pissing in the shower brought a grin to Tyler’s face. Unfortunately for him, Carla had caught it.

“What on earth are you grinning for Tyler? Don’t tell me you just gave me a load of crap.” she fumed at her partner.” “Of course not. I’ll never forget how scared and upset she was.” he sadly replied. “However I’m also not forgetting the crazy shower sex we had right after that, my god Sam’s amazing. You were about her being into urine play, and we made it official this morning.” “I’m done with you Tyler.” Carla sighed in exasperation. ‘First he had the nerve to use the urinal right in front of me the previous night, then he shows up late and bragging about fucking Sam?’ she mentally questioned. “I’ll let it slide this once since you’ll need to be rid of any distractions in order to concentrate on this case. In fact, I’d recommend it whenever you’re feeling pent up frustration. Just make sure you two have enough time and don’t let it take over your work.”

“Seriously? Thanks Carla!” “You’re welcome. Now I better see real results, and pay Jeffrey back!” “Oh, I already sorted that out.” “Sorted that out? How so?” “We’re playing a game of ball. I win and he shuts up about it, he wins and I fork over two hundred bucks.” “Oh Tyler, you might as well have committed robbery.” Carla responded gravely. “Jeffrey’s athletic, but basketball? He’s done for, you’re incorrigible.” “I don’t know the meaning of the word.” Tyler shot back. She shook her head and they both exited the room. Little did she know, this case would change her life, in more ways than one.

Case in point, their usual sparring practice had been anything but this time around. After they were done for the day they headed to the gym. They changed separately, Tyler into his navy blue tank top and shorts, while Carla donned a white sports bra and navy blue yoga pants. The sports bra managed to show off her cleavage yet still did its proper duty of protecting her heaving breasts from soreness, along with the bonus of showing off her tanned, hardened abs. The yoga pants also hugged her posterior without hindering her movements. Just because she fought didn’t mean she couldn’t look good, her body was a weapon in multiple ways.

They both exercised before they sparred, Tyler lifting barbells while Carla stretched. Soon she was doing complex maneuvers which strengthened her abs and thighs, however when she performed the splits her genitals quivered in excitement. Ignoring that, she moved on to dumbbells. However, her typical thirty pound dumbbells weren’t enough and she soon switched to fifty. However she lifted those effortlessly as well, her lean biceps hadn’t even flexed yet. Finally she went for the seventies which caused some struggle. However soon those also became meaningless and finally she chose nineties. Now she was working up a sweat, although she knew logically it still wasn’t enough.

“Carla, when the hell did you start lifting nineties?” Tyler questioned in amazement. “Try to keep up.” she teased her partner, although she was wondering the same. Shrugging it off, she did pull ups and core exercises, eventually causing her breasts and abs to sweat. She towelled off for a bit and sipped some water from her flask. The frigid water cooled her parched throat, and she gulped some more until the entire bottle was done. Weird, I wasn’t even that exhausted yet I was more thirsty than usual. I’m feeling starved too. Is my metabolism increasing?’ It certainly had, which meant not only was her body stronger and healthier, but also required more maintenance and worked at quicker speeds, which she would soo learn. Eventually both detectives had finished warming up and entered the ring.

Tyler threw a hook, however Carla could tell it was a faint. Normally she would have barely blocked it, but this time she saw it coming a mile away and dodged with ease. After leaning out of the way, she retaliated with a sharp jab that caught Tyler square in the jaw. She threw a second one which Tyler blocked, however her blow still caused severe pain to his arms which made him yelp. He also threw a jab which Carla once again dodged, however he quickly fainted and this time successfully caught her in the bicep. It barely even stung. She retaliated by lifting her leg up to roundhouse kick him and it sent him flying a few feet. Stretching her leg up so high caused her bladder ache and Carla gasped.

@@‘My strength and speed have increased tenfold, but so have my other needs, such as hunger, thirst, sex, and urination! If I don’t finish this now I’m gonna piss myself!’ As soon as she thought that, Tyler landed a short yet powerful uppercut to her abs. Her taut belly absorbed the impact with little difficulty, however it also caused her to leak some drops. Thankfully, Tyler was too caught up in desperation for defending himself too notice and she was able to prevent another spurt. ‘My bladder may be more active, however it’s also larger and stronger too, thus it has better control. In the past I would’ve been laying in a puddle of my own piss.’ Realizing that was still a possibility she regretfully dropped-kicked Tyler with everything she had, causing a spurt to create a baseball sized wet patch on her crotch. The tight pants prevented any from leaking out onto the floor, however the detective didn’t even have the time or focus to appreciate it and was more worried about the man she just annihilated.

“TYLER! Shit I’m sorry!” Carla cried, already regretting what she did. She’d much rather have an accident than seriously injure her friend and partner. She helped him stand up and to her surprise he laughed. “Damn Carla, you almost always beat me but you kicked my ass this time! Shit girl, good job.” the male detective complimented good naturedly. “It’s not funny Tyler, you could have been seriously hurt! I should have held back, we can’t ever do this again.” “Carla, ain’t no shame in me losing.” “That’s not what I’m talking about, Tyler. My body’s been acting crazy ever since this case started. This strength wasn’t gradual, it came around last night! O que está acontecendo comigo?!”

“What was that last part?” “Brazilian Portuguese.” “Oh yeah, from your mom, right? Look Carla, relax. I think you were just extra energetic, not to mention our bodies can easily get more athletic without us noticing, especially with people who are as active as we are! Don’t beat yourself up over anything.” Carla nodded, feeling even more embarrassment at how hysterical she was acting. “I’m gonna take a shower, you head out before me.” Tyler nodded and left. Normally she would let him go first, however she needed to urinate, whether it be the shower or her pants she didn’t care as long as Tyler had gone.

As soon as he had left, she yanked her yoga pants and tanga panties off in one quick motion and headed to the showers. Once she was inside the cool tile room she let loose, not even bothering to get in position. Her torrent shot out in a messy spurt, splattering her bare legs and feet.

She didn’t care, instead almost welcoming the feeling of warm urine coating her cold extremities and certainly basking in relief as she voided her bladder. With a sigh she finished and turned on the shower. Cold water blasted and she realized she had still kept her sports bra on as her nipples hardened through the fabric and became see-through. She took it off and threw it near her other clothes then continued to wash up. Her hormones had been going off the scales due to the fighting and urination, however she didn’t have the time to masturbate and curbed her desire away with the frigid shower. Done, Carla also washed her yoga pants and tanga panties, then redonned her detective clothes. She gasped in pleasure and irritation as her slacks rubbed against her bare genitals. All in all, a strange yet decent day. It was only the beginning though, and just the tip of the iceberg compared to future events.

Lucas and Tiffany: Conjugal Bedwetting

Lucas Kane didn’t know what to feel. On the one hand, he was possessed into killing an innocent man and was suspected by the police. On the other, he saved an innocent kid from drowning and one of the police officers seemed to respect that, letting him off the hook. Still, that was a one time deal, he knew the next run in with law enforcement would lead to his arrest. In addition he had a freakout at his workplace, his coworkers were quite surprised at seeing the normally reserved and dutiful Lucas panicking. Still, he knew those giant ticks weren’t just his imagination, they were probably sent to haunt him. Most likely by the same ones that possessed him into killing that man at the diner.

He was a somewhat handsome but also average looking guy. Mostly white with a hint of Asian ancestry, lean but athletic build due to working out on the punching bag, short dark hair with a bit of gel and clean shaven. Ironic that he was the one chosen to go experience all of this. Then again, his appearance may have been typical but his childhood had been anything but, perhaps that was why. His parents had been in the military, which meant he and his brother Marcus were stationed with them at the base. Unfortunately they had suffered a terrible fate and had perished, orphaning the two boys. Lucas stopped thinking about that, instead trying to at least focus on something positive.

‘Tiffany’s coming over to pick up her remaining belongings.’ Lucas told himself. It wasn’t exactly great news, but leagues better than thinking about murder, getting arrested, or his dead parents. Tiffany Harper was his caring and beautiful girlfriend. ‘No, ex girlfriend. I need to stop thinking we’re together.’ he sadly admonished himself. A month ago, the two had a falling out. While Lucas’ life had really turned upside down recently, he always had issues pretty much everyday regarding depression. She had tried to help him back up on his feet but when it became clear Lucas wasn’t getting any better she admonished him for being stuck in the past. He yelled at her, and that’s how their relationship ended.

Still, while it was best the two remained separate, there were still residual feelings. During work she had called to let him know she was returning, and in addition questioned if he was doing alright. Despite the messy separation it was clear she wanted what was best for him, it was just terrible that she didn’t understand him. Still, he was thankful that she still took the time to check up on him. While waiting for his ex, he decided to take his mind off things and relax on the heavy sandbag. Blasting some rock music, he laid blow after blow on the punching bag. To his surprise, his knuckles and feet weren’t feeling any discomfor at all, and each punch and kick landed with complete accuracy. Almost at will, his single strikes fluidly transformed into complex combos which continued to fluidly land and became more aggressive. With one final roundhouse kick the sanbag launched across the room.

‘Something’s changing inside me, I’ve become stronger and more agile than some Olympic athletes. What’s happening to me?’ he questioned as he laid in bed. He dozed off for a bit, the sleep somewhat taking away his stress when the doorbell rang. ‘Must be Tiff.’ Lucas thought to himself as he stood back up and walked towards the door. He peered into the peephole and confirmed it, seeing the beautiful dark auburn hair and green eyes. The man opened the door, the two exes awkwardly staring at each other.

“Hi.” Tiffany greeted, breaking the silence. “Hi.” Lucas replied. “Come on in.” “Am I interrupting anything?” “No, just a bit tired is all. You want a drink?” “Thanks, that’d be excellent.” He went and poured her one while she sat down on the couch. “So, how’re you doing?” he started off. “I’m kind of swamped at the hospital, but the pay’s good. I’m also settling in at my new place. And you?” “Right, I’ve been a little stressed at the office, but I’ll be alright. Wait here while I get your belongings.” “It’s just two boxes with my initials.” Tiffany informed while sipping her drink. Soon after Lucas returned and set them down.

“So, are you seeing anyone? Sorry, I shouldn’t be asking you that.” “No, I don’t mind. I’m still alone.” “Me too. I never really got over you.” Lucas admitted. Tiffany gestured to his electric guitar. “Think you can play a tune, for old time’s sake?” “I’m a little rusty. So much has changed, it’s been pretty far from my mind.” Lucas admitted. “Still, I’ll give it a try.” He tuned the guitar a little while Tiffany sat on the floor. Once he was done he played a comforting melody that lifted both of their spirits. “Thank you Lucas, for everything.” she expressed with gratitude, then blushed. “What is it, Tiff?” “We can’t stay together, it just won’t work, Still, will you be okay with one final night together?” Lucas smiled sincerely.

“Of course Tiffany, anything for you.” With that, the two leaned in and shared a deep kiss and embrace, exploring each other’s bodies. Eventually they ended up wandering into his bedroom. She undid her jacket, revealing a pink long sleeved with the sleeves rolled to her elbows and showing off slight midriff. Then she unbuttoned her jeans and shimmied them down. As Lucas remembered, she usually wore no underwear and he was glad she continued the habit, showing off a patch of dark auburn hair in her lower regions. In addition, he could see some juices coating her lower lips.

While she removed her shirt, Lucas removed his sweater, showing off his hard athletic body and undid his pants, his hard on pitching a huge tent through his boxers. Tiffany slowly pulled them down, giggling when it sprang loose and twitched, then proceeded to lay back down and open her legs wide. Lucas kissed her once again, then trailed them down her neck, fondled each of her medium sized breasts, kissed and suckled her pink nipples, then teased her sweet spot a little for preparation as Lucas rolled a ribbed condom onto his cock.

@@“Do it Lucas, give me the fucking of a lifetime.” Tiffany commanded in breathlessness. He nodded and with a well timed thrust, buried his seven inch dick straight into her walls. Her tight cunt grasped it, refusing to let go, especially when he felt the head rubbing against her cervix. Being a young couple in love, they certainly had many wonderful sessions but Lucas and Tiffany felt extra aroused this night. He thrusted some more and she responded by raising her bottom upwards, each movement sending them both over the edge, He continued to buck his hips and fucking her missionary style, his cock nailing her g spot everytime. “Lucas you animal!” she screamed as she wrapped her beautiful legs around him, burning him even deeper. “Oh this feels so strange, like I’m about to-to…” “Come?” he growled as he rode her once more. “Yes, but something else, almost like I have to pee, oh, OH NO! STOP! ” Tiffany begged. Concerned for her safety, Lucas quickly pulled out, however the movement hit Tiffany in the right area and caused her to scream with pleasure as she squirted all over his mattress.

“EW EW EW!” Tiffany screeched once she recovered from her orgasmic high, quickly backing away from her own orgasmic fluid. Lucas was confused, squirting meant she orgasmed, however she seemed disgusted. “Tiffany, what’s wrong?” “You idiot, I told you to stop and you still made me wet the bed!” Now Lucas was not only even more confused, but annoyed as well. “Tiff, you squirted. When women orgasm, some of them ejaculate. You’re a woman and a nurse who deals with other women’s bodies, how the hell do you not know this?” Tiffany fumed right back. “I’m in obstetrics, not a sexual health doctor. Besides, studies have shown that female ejaculation comes from the bladder and has similar chemical makeup to urination. I might as well have peed.” “Even if you did, so what? I pulled out and your body reacted, I can’t do anything about that. I’m sorry that you feel embarrassed and I’d make it up to you if I could, but don’t get mad at me for something that’s not my fault.”

‘Now I get why we broke up.’ Lucas internally groaned. ‘She always pulls this shit.’ To make matters even more awkward, he still hadn’t orgasmed. This in itself wasn’t a problem, he was more focused on pleasuring Tiffany, even if she had to throw a fit and gaslight him over something out of his control. The problem was his dick was twitching due to wanting more, and Tiffany could see it. “Lucas…” her voice trailed. The man internally sighed, knowing she was either going to continue their argument or come up with some new issue. To his surprise, she went a different direction. “I’m sorry, I just freaked out. You didn’t do anything wrong.” He raised an eyebrow at this. She was blushing and refusing to look him in the eyes, however he didn’t care. An apology from Tiffany was rare, he’d take it.

“It’s alright. Next time, just be more considerate.” “Thank you.” Lucas was going to go back to sleep when Tiffany pushed him back up. “You still didn’t come.” Lucas smiled. “I’m fine Tiffany. Let’s just call it a night, I can tell you’re exhausted. It’d be unfair to finish without you.” he explained as he removed his condom and went back to bed, both exes drifting to sleep. Sometime later, Lucas heard mysterious noises. He carefully stood up to prevent disturbing Tiffany, and noticed his door was open. He could have swore he had closed. Walking around a bit more, his TV and computer buzzed erratically, flashing with static and images. The fugitive hurriedly turned them off, but something in his mind told him that wasn’t enough. The feeling beckoned him to his door, and into the hallway. He decided to follow through and went into the empty hallway. Or at least it was supposed to be empty, yet there was a mysterious robed figure with an ugly grin and orc eyes.

@@“Lucas Kane, isn’t it?” the robed figure questioned with a deep, booming, and undeniably stereotypical villainous voice. “What do you want? Leave me the hell alone!” Lucas angrily demanded the man. Predictably, he just laughed at the order. “Really Lucas, you think a pitiful pawn such as yourself can try to intimidate me into doing what you want? Still, you are a pawn and I’d love to leave you alone as you put it, believe me I do. However, you’re needed.” “For what?” “I cannot tell you for now. You are not worthy of that yet. All I can do is tell you that I am the Oracle, representative of the Orange Clan. As of right now, I’m telling you Tiffany is not the woman for you. Leave her.” “Who the hell are you, not only possessing me into committing atrocities, but also telling me how to live?” “Lucas, surely you know your relationship with that woman is futile. She doesn’t love you for who you are, she instead entered a relationship with you because she thought you were as boring and pointless as she was. You had potential for great things, such as a rock musician or martial arts champion. Instead, she weighed you down and you ended up working a meaningless desk job.”

“Me and Tiffany are already broken up, telling me this is pointless.” “So you say, however you still want to be with her. I will end those feelings right now. Look at her.” the Oracle demonstrated as he brought up images of Tiffany. “Is she pretty? Of course, many would say beautiful. However she’s nothing special. Of course looks aren’t everything, however Tiffany didn’t love you for who you were.” “Yeah she did, she was my only serious girlfriend.” Lucas protested. “Perhaps, however, she didn’t love Lucas Kane, the rockstar martial artist with a complex past. She loved Lucas Kane, the desk worker who was as dull as she was. She thinks love is settling down with stable careers, however she’s wrong. Worst of all, those were the least of her mistakes regarding you. She didn’t understand the pain of losing both your parents or why you and Markus are no longer close. What kind of lover is that, Lucas?”

@@“Don’t you dare talk about my family!” “I’m sorry for bringing up painful memories, truly I am. However it’s necessary that you see that Tiffany has no place in your future. She’s weak, unremarkable, and refusing to make any sacrifices.” “She shouldn’t have to in the first place!” “Perhaps, however, both of our realms are dangerous and sometimes sacrifices are inevitable. Tiffany is a coward though, so she wouldn’t. Worst of all, the reason you’re hiding your secret is you know Tiffany would never forgive you or even hear you out, when a real lover would. Look at this.” Lucas watched in horror as another vision appeared, this time of him telling Tiffany the truth. She was sobbing and throwing a tantrum. “Get away from me you freak!” she screeched. He reached to console her, however she stepped back and wet herself in fear, the crotch and legs of her jeans dripping with downpour. Witnessing Tiffany squirt had made Lucas come to the realization that seeing a woman urinate was arousing to him. However seeing Tiffany betray him and cry like an undignified mess canceled out whatever attraction he could have felt in that moment. He couldn’t even grow hard at all.

“See? Is this really the woman you want to be with?” “Of course she would react like that, why would she forgive a murderer?” Lucas whispered, sounding like he was trying to convince himself more than the Oracle. “This vision isn’t you confessing while on the run. In this vision, I am demonstrating a future where you tell Tiffany what happens after having already been proven innocent. Just the idea of you having blood on your hands scared her off.” Lucas wanted to protest, however, as if everything else he knew the Oracle was telling the truth. “Fine, you’ve thoroughly and utterly convinced me that being with Tiffany will bring me nothing good in my life. Was there a point to this or do you just want to break my spirit?” “Far from it Kane. I actually have a new woman for you to pursue.” “Great, like that solves everything. I don’t know how this Orange Clan operates, but women aren’t interchangeable objects.”

“I never said they were. The one I’m about to show you, she is your true love. She’s perfect for you in each and every way. I personally think she’s far above what a pawn like you deserves, however you’re the only man she could ever love, so you will be her mate.” “Splendid. Show me my soulmate.” Lucas sarcastically replied. He just wanted this stupid dream or hallucination to be done with. “Very well then. Take a good look at Carla Valenti.” the Oracle introduced as he summoned a vision of a new woman. She was beautiful, more stunning than Tiffani could hope for. She was pretty, with a healthy tan complexion and had her long brown hair gathered in a ponytail. Her eyes were hard yet curious, and she had full lips complete with a genuine smile. Lucas’ only complaint was that her clothing, which consisted of a large brown coat, black and red sweater, and brown slacks, was too plain.

“Well?” “She’s beautiful and my type, I’ll give you that much. However, I still don’t know her.” “You will, very soon.” “That’s helpful. Also I can’t even judge her physique if she wears that many layers.” “Carla wears heavy clothing to combat the cold like you and everyone else in New York. I can show you what she wears at home.” the Oracle suggested. Before Lucas could mention how that was completely inappropriate and a total violation of privacy, the vision shimmered to Carla lounging in her global chair. This time she was wearing much less, a white tank top that showed off her cleavage and belly button, and white panties. Her smile had changed to an inviting, yet daring smirk. Then she stood up and stretched, causing her large breasts to bounce and revealing her hard abs as her shirt rode up. Finally she turned around, her white tanga panties designed to expose some of her shapely posterior. “This is her private time, you can’t show me this!” Lucas yelled in embarrassment.

@@“You never looked away.” “Yeah, and I regret it. I hope no-one else saw Carla like this. And what do you mean this is what she wears at home?” “Get used to it, that’s what Carla wears when she’s by herself. That is, if the weather isn’t too frigid or smoldering.” Lucas knew it was wrong, however he had to ask. “When it’s too hot, are you saying-?” “She wears absolutely nothing. Of course that’s if she’s alone. You are one lucky man, Lucas Kane. Carla could choose any man to be her lover, and it’s going to be you.” “It’s not happening.” “In due time, Lucas. In due time. Unlike Tiffany, Carla is a courageous, ambitious, and powerful warrior woman who will love you for who you are. She lives a dangerous career, meaning she would have encouraged your career choices had you known her back then. She also lost her mother and is estranged from her father so she would most certainly relate to you, and you to her.” Lucas felt sympathetic about hearing her family situation, completely forgetting his lust. The Oracle picked up on his sadness and took advantage of it.

“See? You haven’t even met her yet you still relate more to her than that useless Tiffany.” “Anything else you want to torment me over?” “One last thing. Feast your eyes upon this.” the Oracle exclaimed as the image shimmered into Carla back to being fully dressed. She was walking around computer terminals, however she seemed hesitant and her face looked worried, almost scared. “Why is she walking so strange?” “She has a fear of tight spaces and her bladder is full. Keep watching.” Carla eventually reached for some tape, however as she did, a painful expression formed on her face and a wet patch grew on the crotch of her slacks. To Lucas’ surprise, she was able to temporarily stop it.

Then she grabbed the tape and eventually took it to the computer. Once this was done, she relaxed and with a satisfied smile, continued to urinate until her slacks were entirely soaked. Unlike Tiffany’s undignified wetting, Carla’s was out of a genuine phobia and she still managed to pull herself together and accomplish her task. It certainly helped that she had done so with acceptance and almost pleasure. Whatever the case was, he also felt the urge to connect with her in a similar manner. He left the Oracle and walked back to the apartment, then headed to his toilet. Grabbing his cock, he aimed it and sighed as his stream exited his member. It was almost as good as orgasming.

Suddenly Lucas sat up, for real this time. He groggily checked his surroundings, then groaned. The sheets were even more damp, and most of it was gathered around his side of the bed. To top it all off his inner thighs and the head of his dick had urine droplets, which confirmed that he had ended up wetting the bed because of his nightmare. He braced himself for humiliation and decided to wake up Tiffany and warn her. However, upon removing the blanket and peering at her nude body, she moaned and he could see urine trickling down her labia and pooling in between her thighs. He didn’t know why, but he could feel his cock stiffening and springing up at the sight. Ignoring the bizarre reaction, he waited for her to finish and proceeded to shake her awake.

“Tiff, wake up.” “Huh, what the…?” she groggily groaned. Suddenly she patted the sheets and shrieked. “Oh no, I can’t believe it!” she cried. “Tiff, it’s okay. I did it too.” Lucas admitted with humiliation. “Huh? You did?” she questioned. “Yeah, I think my side is even more soaked. Either way, these sheets have been through the ringer. We need to do laundry and head into the shower.” “Right, right.” his ex agreed. The two stood up and removed the soaked sheets, then put them in the washing machine. Then they headed into the shower. Under different circumstances they might have had another round of passionate sex but both felt too ashamed and exhausted to even think about it, much less go through it. Still, they were at least relieved that they both had accidents and could share their humiliation. Little did they know, there would be a much more terrifying and stressful repeat of events very soon.

While cleaning up, Tiffany was reeling over her own nightmare. She had woken up still naked and strapped down to a gynecological chair of course. At first while confused, she thought nothing of it. She was a midwife who had seen women on these countless times, and had lain or sat down in a few herself for certain checkups. Maybe it was just a weird sex dream. Unfortunately her aching bladder begged to differ, reminding her of how she had just squirted all over Lucas’ sheets just some hours ago. She was ashamed and hid it with anger, however Lucas was more annoyed at her for freaking out. If anything, she saw his dick grow even harder whenever he mentioned squirting or urination. Was he into that? His face was neutral the entire time, most likely meaning that he was but just didn’t know it yet.

‘Lucas is sexually attracted to women urinating. I can’t shame him for it, but I guess it’s another sign we weren’t meant to last. Speaking of lasting, I’m not sure how much time I have left before I burst!’ Tiffany mentally panicked. Soon the discomfort became pain and the midwife was mewling and whining from how much liquid she needed to dispense. She opened her eyes to study her surroundings and was shocked at what she saw. Paintings were etched on the walls, depicting Mayan men and women either having sex, urinating, or giving birth. In each one, the woman was bonded to the chair. ‘I need to wake up somehow! Then I can use the restroom!’

“Afraid not. You can’t wake up from this dream until I permit it. You have no choice but to urinate.” a booming voice declared. Tiffany looked up and saw a robed man with an orc-like face approaching her. “Who are you and what the hell do you want with me?!” “Quiet woman. Have no fear, no harm will come your way aside from fear and shame. I’m simply here to demonstrate and explain why you can’t be with Lucas.” Tiffany fumed, not liking what the man was implying. “Stupid goblin, how dare you violate me like this and lecture me on my private life! Let me go this instant!”

The Oracle sighed to himself, on the one hand he was annoyed, however he could easily get a show and shut the woman up by threatening her. With a nonchalant air about, he lazily withdrew a Beretta 92fs from his robe and pointed it at her, pulling the trigger. Tiffany suddenly spasmed (she would have jumped but she’s bonded to the char), and she almost let out a cry of terror. Instead, a strangled gasp exited, her throat struck with fear to utter any louder sounds. Tears clouded her eyes, and they weren’t the only liquid to exit her body. As the Oracle had wanted, she wet herself in fear as evidenced by the thin trickle leaking out of her vulva and into the fountain. The only sound that could be heard was the patter of her urine hitting the stone surface, along with cries of pain and shame as her urethra forcibly squeezed dribbles out. Eventually she was done, feeling utterly disgraced.

“The gun was empty, I just wanted to teach you a lesson. Look at your urine. You drank a lot of water throughout the day, wine before sex, and didn’t use the restroom after having sex. Logically you should have a torrent of clear urine that filled the Chroma Artifact, yet instead you produced a pathetic stream of dark yellow piss. Your body even struggled towards the end which caused your genitals pain. Know why?” the man questioned with condescension. Logically speaking, it was a very strange ordeal. Tiffany shuddered, the feeling of urine forcibly exiting her urethra as if a catheter had been inserted would haunt her forever. The Oracle did not care, proceeding to lecture her.

“It’s because you don’t enjoy urination whatsoever. The chair and fountain gauge and determine how much arousal you get from certain activities, and the results are created. This disgusting and unhealthy urine is a reflection of your lack of arousal. Don’t worry about your health, this will only happen if you sit in this chair.” “Why?” “None of your business. I’m only here to tell you to leave Lucas Kane alone. You are not an ideal partner for him, especially now that he’s joining our clan. We are made up of sexual warriors, meaning you don’t belong. The only positives you have are your beautiful, fertile body and expertise at being a midwife. Even so, it’s not enough to warrant being within the Orange Clan. Stay away from Lucas.” Tiffany was still shaken up, however she had settled down long enough to regain some of her pride. A scheme formulated within her mind and she would get payback.

“I’m not worthy enough? Then why go through all this trouble? You could have simply told me and I would have believed you.” “No you wouldn’t have. You’re too stupid and skeptical.” “Maybe, but I also know you’re a pervert who gets off on this. Having a helpless attractive woman urinate while strapped down to a chair. Take your robe off and display your manhood.” Tiffany challenged. The Oracle grunted, but did as told. Despite his ugly face, his tall and muscular body, not to mention his massive twelve inch cock made up for it. She grinned at the pale, twitching monster.

“I knew it. You’ve wanted to fuck me this whole time. You can’t argue with such a hard on.” “Maybe, however I only unleash my urges on women who deserve it.” “Well this was a dream so technically it won’t matter.” “This is no dream, your body is asleep and I’m contacting you via your cognitive area.” “If you ejaculate inside me, will I be pregnant?” “No, you will simply orgasm in your sleep.” “Then nothing should stop you from doing so. Fuck me.” The Oracle grunted, but walked towards her. If she wanted it, he would give her what she asked for. Without hesitation he shoved his cock straight into her cunt until it hit her womb. Tiffany screeched in pain as she felt his length and width stretch her walls, causing the Oracle to grin. “Still think you’re ready?” “Definitely, having a huge dick is nothing compared to skill. You won’t make me come.” Tiffany snarled through gasps.

The Oracle growled and continued to pound her. Tiffany gyrated her hips as best as she could to accommodate his thrusts. After around ten minutes of animalistic fucking she felt his dick twitch and hot semen emptied into her womb, causing her own orgasm to arrive. In the real world she would have been impregnated but her belly remained flat in cognitive space. Hearing Tiffany’s cry of ecstasy, he withdrew his dick which was covered in both of their juices so she could squirt into the fountain. It wasn’t much but still evidence he had conquered the whore despite her saying she couldn’t. To further punish her, he rubbed his still slightly hard dick against her lips so she could suck the fluids off his member, which she did without complaint, not even stopping when he proceeded to piss in her mouth. He harshly laughed as she drank his urine and stopped when he withdrew, only to return even louder as Tiffany screeched while she experienced another painful urination.

“What a filthy slut. Begging to lay with me, and doing everything I commanded.” “Maybe, but you’re the one who fucked this filthy slut.” Tiffany shot back with a defiant scowl. She didn’t know why she was acting so horny, usually she was much more reserved. ‘Then again it was a magically enhanced chair designed for sexual purposes, that must be what it’s for.’ she correctly deduced. “So? What consequence is that to me?” “You said I didn’t belong in your stupid clan yet you still fuck me?” “It’s in the cognitive realm, it’s meaningless.” “Maybe, but the point still stands. We even performed the ritual.” “No we didn’t. You’re the only one who urinated in the Chroma Artifact. I chose a less worthy place.”

Tiffany scowl grew as she blushed in indignation. As usual, the Oracle did not care.

“You failed in besting me, although I must admit you proved me wrong about not being sexual, perhaps you’d qualify if you continued the act.” “I’m not interested, asshole!” she shrieked. “Then my point still stands. Don’t ever come near Lucas again, especially in a sexual or romantic way.” Snapping back at the memory, Tiffany shivered at how she was possessed by such lust, even enjoying being fucked by a man who almost resembled a monster. “Is the water too cold?” Lucas questioned. “No Lucas, it’s fine. I’m just embarrassed, imagine a grown woman wetting the bed. Still, at least you liked it.” she smiled. “How could you say that, you don’t think I’m embarrassed about it too?”

“No, that's not what I meant.” Tiffany quickly assured. “I meant my own, you probably thought it was kind of hot.” “I-I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Lucas looked away. Despite it being a silly nightmare (or so she thought), Tiffany was still determined to prove that idiot wrong. More importantly, this would help Lucas realize his new kink. “I figured it out. When I squirted you clearly liked it, and also liked talking about urination. You also had a hard on when we both entered the shower, I’m assuming from my accident?” Before Lucas could protest, she leaned in and kissed him. “I understand now, and it’s perfectly natural. Don’t feel embarrassed. I personally don’t like it, but I won’t judge you whatsoever.”

“Thanks Tiff.” Lucas sighed in relief. “As a matter of fact, I got a little present.” she smirked as she stood up straight with parted legs. Earlier Tiffany drank the shower water to replenish what she lost, also because she was worried about being dehydrated because of how yellow and painful her urine was in the “nightmare”. To her metaphorical relief, her physical relief was as clear as ever and flowed with ease, almost feeling pleasurable. Lucas stared in slack jaw amazement as her urine splattered all over her thighs and poured onto the shower floor. Unfortunately residual embarrassment and exhaustion kept him from growing full mast. Still, he wanted to contribute in some way so he redirected the shower head and sprayed it against her clit. Tiffany grinned as Lucas continued to her, to his confusion she even lay down and spread her legs so he could aim better. Eventually she reached her third orgasm that night.

“Thank you Lucas. I have never felt as good as I did today.” “I’m glad, but we can’t do it again.” he abruptly announced as he picked her back up. He didn’t want to, however he knew it was for the best. Aside from friendship and sex, they didn’t have what it takes to be true lovers. In addition, he had no doubt in his mind that the Oracle wouldn’t hesitate to kill her, which he would avoid at all costs. He just hoped she would understand. “Okay.” she replied in agreement. “Really?” “I get it. We just aren’t compatible. You please me better than I please you and that’s not fair to you.” “Tiffany, don’t say that.” “It’s true. I just hope you can find a woman who knows how to treat you right.” They kissed once more and headed back to bed. Both of their troubles were far from over, however the rewards would soon arrive in the forms of Carla Valenti and Samuel Hugues.

Carla and Lucas: Orange Clan Heritage and First Meeting

@@Carla found herself sitting in some sort of reclined, gynecological chair. Underneath was a carved space, almost similar to a swimming pool. However it was far too small, it went as high as her ankle. To make matters more confusing, her wrists were strapped to the armrests and so were her ankles, leaving her bare crotch and brown thick lower lips visible to anyone if they happened to stop by. This certainly didn’t make sense on two accounts. The first one was she had gone to sleep in her white tank top and panties. Carla had certainly gone to sleep and even walked around her apartment naked in the past, however that was during the summer and if she wanted to save money by not running the air conditioner. With this freeze, she wouldn’t dare. Secondly, there was also the possibility she was having a sexual fantasy, however if she was she wouldn’t be by herself and restrained. Instead she would be fucking a man. In addition, she preferred sex positions that had her on top so she could ride the man’s cock to orgasm. Of course she didn’t mind being the one receiving, however she met few men who could satisfy her in such a manner. They always came too fast, not being able to keep up with her impressive stamina and semen draining body.

“Funny you say that Carla Valenti. I’m here to help you with that.” Carla whipped her head up to see a man dressed in a robe walking towards her, and immediately tried to break through her restraints. He raised a hand, providing some sort of peaceful gesture that she had a hard time believing. Her caution only heightened when she saw his face, which resembled one of the creatures from those fantasy movies Tyler loved. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, untie me this instant! You can force yourself on me all you want, but you’re a dead man if you do!” “I would never inappropriately touch someone without their consent, especially not one of our descendants. Also you don’t want to be let out, not just yet. Amazing, even in a hallucination you are perceptive.” “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” the detective growled, trying to throw the man off her trail. Unfortunately for her, it didn’t work.

“If you really wanted out, you would have already been gone, or at least out of the Creation Chair. The straps are tight and sturdy, yet I know you could lean over and chew through the ones on your armrests, then undo the ones on your stirrups. However, you were intelligent enough to realize this was a carnal dream of some sort and wanted to wait it out, see what concurred. Not exactly correct, yet it’s the closest answer you could have gotten.” “Fine you monster, I suppose you’re onto something. Still, if I really was having a wet dream I wouldn’t be tied down and my partner wouldn’t look like a troll.” “You are correct, this isn’t exactly a dream and I am not your lover. You are sleeping and I am currently communicating within your cognitive space.”

@@“Like I’ll believe that, and if you’re not my partner, then who is?” “He unfortunately hasn’t met you yet, however you will soon. His name is Lucas Kane. Take a look for yourself.” the orc looking man demonstrated as with a wave of a hand he created some sort of magical hologram. It showed a man of course, who she believed to be Lucas Kane. He was a somewhat handsome but also average looking guy. Mostly white with a hint of Asian ancestry, lean but athletic build, short dark hair with a bit of gel and clean shaven. Various images of him flashed, from fully decked out in winter gear to as naked as she was. She gasped with pleasure once she caught the size of his hard on, a full seven inches. Seeing it twitch made her own genitals quiver, almost preparing for entrance. “The perfect mate for you, isn’t he? That’s all I’m giving you of him, now we’re going back to you.” “Damn you! If I’m having a wet dream, at least let me enjoy it!” “I already told you it’s not. Your senses wouldn’t be so precise if you really were dreaming. However, your eagerness and lust is admirable, I knew you were one of us.” “Like hell I am! I’m no orc!”

@@“Certainly not, you’re far too beautiful. That’s not what I was referring to however. I am the Oracle, a member of the Orange Clan. We are an ancient Mayan tribe, however few left are actually of Mayan heritage. Most of them are like your friends Tyler Miles and Samantha Marlorne.” “You leave them out of this Mr. Oracle, do you hear me?” “Sorry Carla, I have already approached them. They are also skeptical, although I have a feeling they’ll come around soon. Candidates with such potential would be fools to reject our offer.” “Oh? And what’s so great about your organization that they can’t refuse? As a matter of fact, why even come for them, or me?” “The Orange Clan is made up of warriors and lovers. We embrace our violent nature, and the love within our hearts and bodies. Of course we never combine the two together, unless lovers agree to it. Your friend Samantha is very masochistic, and you have shades of sadomasochism as well. Lucas is a very lucky man indeed, I can only hope he can cherish a true Orange Clan woman warrior such as yourself.” Carla couldn’t help but laugh.

@@“You delusional idiot, Sam and Tyler are the farthest from this Orange Clan as you can get. Sam’s no warrior and Tyler’s not much of one either. Just a lazy detective who knows how to aim a gun.” “I appreciate you trying to help your friends, however it won’t work. Letting them join us is for the best, especially considering they will be under your command. As for their status, I agree they require a lot of training. Samantha is a hysterical woman who cries too much, however she was willing to sacrifice herself if it meant Tyler’s safety and freedom. Very few would consider such a choice yet she did and voiced it with no hesitation. She’s also athletic, with some training she will be quite useful to us. As for Tyler, he grew up with violence, his profession just isn’t very motivating. A small-time detective catching escaped criminals? A very admirable profession, however not one for Tyler. He’s meant for real violence, killing as he pleases.” “You’re wrong, he would never. You’re also wrong about me.”

@@“Oh? How so?” “I’m not a descendant of your stupid clan, far from it.” “Carla, how you have been misled. Are you, or are you not Brazilian?” “My mother was Brazilian, my father’s Italian. I’m mixed. Also Brazil is South American, Maya is Meso American.” “You know your history, excellent. However, your mother had Mayan heritage. One of her ancestors in the ancient days moved to Brazil and started their family, she was eventually born, then moved to America-” “And then met my dad, resulting in me. Glad we got my family history sorted out.” Then a horrible thought occurred to Carla. “No, don’t tell me…you’re my ancestor? You’ve been ogling my naked body this whole time you sick pervert!” “You are not within my lineage. I hate to say it but I’m afraid since your mother is dead, you are the last of her family. However even if we shared blood it wouldn’t matter. I won’t be the only one witnessing your nude form.” “Excuse me?” the detective questioned sharply, not appreciating whatever he was suggesting. “One final lesson for tonight, or this morning if you prefer. We’re running out of time.” the Oracle continued. Somehow he conjured a bowl, filled with some sort of liquid.

@@“Drink this. It will help you understand.” he explained as he held up the bowl to her face. Carla’s throat was parched, however she leaned away as she eyed the bowl with distrust. “The bowl is not poisoned. If I were to kill you I’d use tools or my own bare hands, that’s where the thrill lies. Only cowards resort to such dirty methods.” “You’re the one who stripped me and tied me to a chair designed to examine a woman’s sexual organs, who’s the real coward?” “For the last time, this is not a dream or real life, and I do not condone nonconsensual acts of sexual violence. This is your cognition, I am simply manipulating your imagination to show you our way of life and your future. If you were to somehow die, you simply wake up in the real world.” Carla could tell the Oracle spoke the truth and nodded, opening her mouth. He tilted the bowl towards her lips, and she gulped the cold spring water. It was sweet and refreshing, cooling and hydrating her dry mouth. The Oracle paid attention to her graceful neck, mesmerized by the movements it made as her throat swallowed the liquid. Once done, the detective let out a sigh at the feeling and licked her lips free of any remaining water droplets.

“It was so pure and delicious. How did you get it to be like that?” “Spring water from my realm. Nature is plentiful and fertile, similar to the people that inhabit it.” Carla wanted to scoff, however her breath hitched. Her breathing became rapid and was accompanied by the movement of her heaving breasts. Speaking of, the texture of her large brown areolas became rigid and her nipples hardened. The undersides grew slick with sweat, along with her armpits, abdomen, and inner thighs. Her clit swelled in excitement, along with the thick and dark lips of her gaping wet cunt. The cherry on top was her belly had gone from rigid abs of an athlete to swelling and deflating in quick succession like a belly dancer’s. This was due to her bladder expanding at a far more rapid pace than usual. To Carla’s horror, her body was not only full of arousal, but of urine as well. She writhed and thrashed in excited frustration, moaning all the while with tears in her eyes at the delicious pain.

“Fascinating.” the Oracle exclaimed in a voice that was simultaneously hushed and amazed. “Even Samantha wasn’t this excited, and her body was programmed to enjoy sex and urination. This is proof that you are a true Orange Clan warrior woman, only one with true ancestry would react this way. Raw sexual power runs within our blood.” Carla did not care, she was furious, as well as anxious. “Did you just-what did you-” she tried to accuse, however she kept gasping with pent up pleasure that could not be released. “WHAT DID YOU DO?! WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO TO MY BODY?!” Carla screeched in indignation. “You spiked that fucking drink with drugs! Oh, OH!” she accused, humiliated that her mind and body could not cooperate and function like they should have. “Our realm’s spring water naturally has aphrodisiac and diuretic effects. It’s why our men and women drink it as preparation for the Indigo Prophecy, also known as the Sexual Urinating ritual.”

“Your clan is made of sick perverts.” Carla gasped harshly. The Oracle offered nothing but a teasing smile as he conjured a new image. It showed a Mayan couple having sex in the same chair Carla was currently sitting in. She noticed with bitter jealousy and annoyance that the man was standing up with no restraints while the woman was confined to the chair. “You expect me to find that arousing? The man gets to fuck the woman with absolute freedom while she lies there and takes it. You said the men and women were warriors, but being strapped to a gyno chair with my legs spread and vagina on display doesn’t make me feel like a powerful Amazonian warrior. I feel like a sex toy for men’s pleasure, that’s the most degrading thing you can do to a woman. Also, how do gay men and lesbian women have sex in this damn chair? If the Orange Clan only has straight missionary sex then I definitely don’t want to be in it.” Carla admonished. The Oracle let out an evil chuckle.

@@“You’re still not seeing things clearly. Of course homosexual lovers and different sex positions exist, all legal consensual sex is welcomed. This is how our children are conceived and birthed. This is the best position to impregnate a woman. The straps are to hold her down when she gives birth. Besides, I know you will enjoy this. Look again.” The image shimmered and the Mayan couple were replaced with Tyler and Samantha. Carla felt like a terrible friend, however she couldn’t help herself from the voyeuristic arousal she felt as she watched her closest friends make love to each other. Unlike the Mayan strangers, she knew for a fact that Sam loved missionary sex and while her pale friend wouldn’t admit it, this was definitely something out of her deepest fantasies. If only she had the bravery to tell Tyler. “Now you understand. If that wasn’t enough clarification, try one more.” The vision shimmered once again, this time to Lucas Kane fucking her. Seeing herself getting worked up while this mystery man repeatedly pound her was exhilarating. She also noticed while she was still in the chair with her legs propped up and spread, her arms were free to grope her breasts or hold onto her lover.

“That’s enough for now. One last thing, urinate into the Chroma Artifact.” “What?!” the detective questioned, not understanding or even wanting to. The Oracle pointed at the fountain. Carla refused, trying to hold on as long as she could. Unfortunately her dire need to expel the excess liquid outweighed her pride. Her bladder was continuing to expand and deflate, causing her internal pain and her genitals quivered for release. With a final cry of masochistic delight, the dam broke and her floodgates released a clear torrent of urine. The Oracle watched in amazement as it flowed down the edge of the seat and filled the fountain. It wasn’t quite to the brim as Samantha’s was, however the urine itself was as clear and untainted. In addition, her abdomen had swelled and contracted which Samantha had not demonstrated. He had certainly netted some worthy tribal members.

Carla was relieved that the torment was finally done for, however she was also angry, humiliated and confused that this monster had somehow captured her in of her most private moments. The straps had magically become undone and she immediately leapt to her feet. Unfortunately for her, she had still not quite recovered and tripped, barely catching herself. The Oracle simply sneered and continued to walk away. She snarled and started to sprint towards the perverted orc man. Naked and humiliated she may be, however she was still a detective and she caught all her criminals. Right as she reached for his robe, an annoying buzzing sound filled the air. Carla sat up and realized it was her alarm clock. She carefully analyzed her bedroom and her surroundings, making sure everything was in place. Once the detective was sure nothing was out of the ordinary, she shut off her alarm clock and lay back in the bed. Unlike earlier, she still had on her tank top and wet tanga panties.

“Wait, wet panties?” Carla thought to herself. She whisked her blanket off and stood up, then cringed and groaned. She may have been dreaming or hallucinating, however she really wet the bed in reality. Her tank top and blanket miraculously avoided any damage, however her tanga panties were soaked in urine from each and every direction, and even her inner thighs and slightly exposed buttocks carried some droplets. As if that wasn’t enough embarrassment, the damp spot in the middle of her sheets confirmed she had an accident and had not orgasmed in her sleep. ‘Now I know what Samantha has to deal with. Poor girl…’ Carla thought to herself. Still, this was nothing to be ashamed of. The detective was more concerned about that horrid dream and the monster who dominated it.

‘I was clearly sleeping, however it certainly felt real. You can’t feel all five senses with such clarity with a dream. Yet I also feel the exhaustion of waking up and I’m back in my apartment with my clothes still on. I also wouldn’t dream about a stupid orc, Lucas should have been the main focus. Speaking of, why does the name seem familiar? And his face, it also seemed familiar. I must have never personally met him since it’s not ringing any bells, it must have been in passing. I would never forget such a handsome face, or a beautiful body.’ she pondered. Realizing that she was fantasizing about a man she had never seen while still wearing urine soaked clothing, Carla raced for the shower.

Some hours later and the detective now realized why he seemed so familiar. Lucas Kane was the prime suspect, Kate Morrison had been questioned to the point that they were able to draw an accurate sketch. It was almost uncanny, however there were a couple of differences. First off, the sketch had given Lucas a bored glaze that almost bordered on resembling an annoyed scowl. In reality, the photos she had seen of Lucas showed a more thoughtful look to his eyes, as though he was concentrating intently. There were also other things, such as his chin being sharper than his sketch’s squarish jawbone or his haircut, however Carla knew it was the eyes a cop paid attention to. What she had forgotten to pay attention to was regulating her water intake, as she had drank extra water that morning to replace what she had gotten rid of that morning. Didn’t want to be dehydrated after all.

Lucas wasn’t faring much better. If anything, he was in a worse situation. While he had bid Tiffany farewell and the two left on amicable terms, he was still reeling over that dream he had. The Oracle was supposedly the one behind all those murders, and had chosen Lucas as his pawn. Instead of explaining why he was being forced to murder innocent people, the monster just told him to leave Tiffany and instead have sex with some new woman. He couldn’t even remember her name, or what he saw in the dream. However, he did remember whatever it was, it had caused him to wet the bed. Tiffany had as well, although her spot wasn’t as large or as soaking as his had been.

He wondered why they both experienced bed wettings, did the Oracle visit both of their dreams? That was stupid, the Oracle had no reason to contact Tiffany. They just drank too much wine and forgot to use the restroom after having sex and before sleeping. They would have to avoid repeating the same mistake in the future. This led to a fantasy of making love to Tiffany once more and was also accompanied by her wetting the sheets, causing him to blush in embarrassment. It was humiliating enough to wet the bed despite being in his late twenties, and also due to being aroused by Tiffany’s accident as well. The imagery was causing Lucas’s member to slightly stiffen. It wasn’t to the point of actually rising in a full erection, however it definitely grew some inches and twitched in anticipation. He shook his head and groaned in annoyance.

@@“Now is not the time! Why am I so damn turned on anyway, I should have been spent last night! Don’t tell me this is another side effect.” Lucas thought to himself. The super strength was an excellent one that he was glad to keep, however it wasn’t the only one. Instead his arousal also appeared to be much more powerful and recurrent, and worst of all his bladder seemed to constantly need emptying. His rapidly tapping foot was a telltale sign. Right as he got up to take care of his business, he suddenly received a vision of a beautiful woman entering his workroom and introducing herself. “Hello, I am Detective Carla Valenti, NYPD.” her musical voice tilted in harmony. Lucas immediately sat right back down, shaking in anxiety. ‘Carla Valenti, that’s who she is! The woman from my dreams! She’s the one the Oracle told me to get with. Why the fuck is he trying to get me to date a cop?!’ he internally panicked. As if that wasn’t enough to deal with, a flood of memories from that dream had come rushing back and now his dick was at full mast now that her scantily clad body wouldn’t leave his mind.

@@“Shit, not the time! Actually, having an erection would definitely hold off my need to urinate. Oh to hell with that, I’d rather piss myself than get castrated!” Calming himself down, Lucas concentrated on collecting and hiding or destroying as much evidence as he could. The first was to hide his copy of “Richard the 3rd”, as well as to tear up the bank document to hide the fact that it used to be a bookmark. Not knowing what else to do, he sat by the computer and typed some coding to appear busy. It still didn’t prepare him for the knock on the door, and he nervously gulped as the woman stepped into the room. “Hello, I am Detective Carla Valenti, NYPD.” she greeted him as she stepped inside, shutting the door. Those were the exact words from his premonition, proving he had gained a new power. “You are Lucas Kane, right? I’d like to ask you a couple of questions.” Carla continued. Lucas noticed her cheeks were quite rosy and for a tough detective, she wasn’t quite looking at him eye to eye. ‘Is she blushing in embarrassment? Don’t tell me the Oracle paid her a visit as well! No, that’s ridiculous. Her cheeks are just red from the cold.’ he rationalized. Little did he know how spot on he was with his earlier prediction. “Alright, go ahead and ask, I’ll do everything I can to help.” Lucas agreed, his words carrying a little more meaning than most would notice.

“Thank you for your assistance, Lucas.” Carla replied. She was almost in shock at how handsome he seemed up close. He was also fidgeting and alternating between studying her discreetly and turning away. Did he recognize her? ‘Yeah right, get a grip Carla. He’s just nervous now that someone’s finally on his ass.’ She gently rubbed her abdomen to comfort her bladder, then began her interrogation. “I’m currently working a homicide case, and we have reason to believe the murder worked at this bank. First off, could you confirm that this piece of paper came from this bank?” she questioned as she held at the torn strip Lucas had used as a bookmark. Lucas pondered what his next course of action was. ‘I can’t get arrested just yet, but I don’t want to lie! I’m just going to have to tell what I can, and misguide when I can’t. Hopefully by the time she figures out what’s going on we’ll have sorted this mess out.’

“The paper did come from this bank, you can identify the bank ID code in the watermark.” he answered truthfully. ‘That was a little too generous, I’m going to have to either evade or straight up lie. Shit, this is terrible.’ Meanwhile, Carla herself was wondering what was going on. ‘Lucas told me a very specific truth yet he’s still nervous. What’s his game? Also when am I going to be able to use the restroom, I have to pee so bad! Forget it, I’ll piss myself in front of him if I have to, nothing’s going to stop me from completing this interrogation.’ the detective firmly decided. ‘Although that’s certainly not a bad idea, I wonder what Lucas would think. Wait, what the hell is wrong with me?! That stupid Oracle is making me think like a horny slut!’ Carla panicked at her impure thoughts. Contrary to the rumors her coworkers had spread, she was no shrinking violet or asexual nun, however sex was usually the least important issue and far from her mind, especially on such a serious case.

“Detective Valenti? You look a little hot. You should take off your-” Lucas interrupted her monologue. “What the fuck did you just say to me?” Carla blunty interrupted. She had been propositioned too many times to count and while she didn’t necessarily mind horny men being curious, the constant cycle of being noticed only for her body was becoming quite the annoyance. She was especially furious that this murderer was not only hitting on her, but also had the nerve to suggest she strip. Just who the hell was Lucas Kane and what was his issue?! To her surprise, Lucas’ face formed an expression of horrified regret and the suspect quickly amended his words as he repeatedly waved his hands in denial.

“No no, not what I meant! I just noticed your forehead is sweaty and you seem uncomfortable. I’m sorry that the heater is set so high, the cold wave was starting to get a little too uncomfortable for my liking and I needed to warm up. You must feel like a furnace with your coat and sweater. You can” Carla blushed in agitation, admonishing herself for prematurely judging him. “I’m sorry for assuming the worst Lucas, thank you for your concern.” she apologized as she shrugged her coat off and laid it on an unused chair. “Also can you tell me if there is a method to establish where the document was printed from?” she continued as she removed her sweater as well, just leaving her white tank top.

“You could have kept your sweater on.” Lucas distractedly stated as he stared at her exposed cleavage and midriff. ‘She’s really naturally tan all over, all that’s left to see are her privates fully exposed. Damnit Lucas, stop thinking about her in such a lustful way you pervert! She’s a detective who just asked you a question, and has amazing breasts. Seriously, how are her tits so large, yet firm? She’s not even wearing a bra! Speaking of, her nipples are quite large, judging by what’s poking out of her tank top. Tiffany’s couldn’t even compare when fully exposed.’ “Hey Lucas, eyes up here.” Carla ordered with a teasing smirk. To make matters worse this was the same one she wore in the visions the Oracle showed him. The only thing to complete the image was if she had unbuckled her slacks and exposed her tanga panties, which he just knew she was wearing underneath.

“I’m so sorry, to answer your question stock buyers print them out for quotes. There’s about a hundred of them in the bank.” he answered. Unfortunately his mind wasn’t quite out of the gutter, now his need to urinate had suddenly increased. Even his desire for Carla couldn’t combat that need. “Are-are you alright Mr. Kane?” she questioned, her musical voice shaking. Unbeknownst to him, she was feeling the same effects and also knew Lucas was in the same predicament as her. ‘How embarrassing. Was the Oracle right about us? We’ve barely spent time together and are exhibiting serious signs of attraction and both of us have active urinary systems. Either we both drink a lot, or we’ve been affected by the same thing.’ she pondered. The detective noticed the trashcan and an idea formed in her brilliant mind.

‘When we get desperate enough, I’m going to suggest we use that trash can as a toilet. I’ll even sit in one of the chairs to reenact my dream. Once I see that, I’ll confirm whether that nutcase was telling the truth.’ Carla thought to herself. ‘I might even lay out hard hitting questions to speed up the process. That’s a little manipulative, I hope he doesn't have wet himself because of my stupid ideas. Forget it, it’s for the greater good. I have to, no matter how humiliating it is.’ Of course it was a rather arousing fantasy, however actually going through with it was an entirely different matter. “I’m fine, just feeling a little under the weather.” Lucas finally responded. She nodded and handed him the sketch. “This remind you of anyone?” To her surprise, Lucas went in an entirely different direction and beamed at the picture.

“Well this looks like a lot of people I know. Could even be me!” he joked as he held it up next to his face so Carla could compare the two. “Uh huh.” she drily noted. ‘Laying it on a little thick there Lucas. At least he’s got a good sense of humor. Still, I suppose he’s got a point. Lucas, handsome as he may be, looks like a typical brunette white guy. The only defining feature that stands him apart are his almond shaped eyes, meaning he might have Asian ancestry within him. Even that’s kind of a stretch.’ She sighed. “I understand Mr. Kane. These composite sketches can be pretty vague. They certainly don’t compare to the real thing.” Lucas caught the flirt and rubbed the back of his neck with a shy smile.

@@‘Why is she flirting with me so much? Does she really like me? That can’t be, I’m a murder suspect and we haven’t even known each other for an hour? Perhaps it’s a strategy to trip me up. That’s not right either. I don’t think it’s protocol for detectives to flirt or seduce for answers. Maybe the Oracle was onto something when he said we matched. Whatever the case may be, I’ll just let it play out and ignore it if she gets too close to figuring me out.’ Meanwhile she picked up the framed photo of him and Markus and held it out to him. “Is this priest a friend of yours?” “He’s-he’s my brother.” Lucas admitted. Suddenly a sharp wave of desperation hit him and he quickly jumped in his seat. He almost grabbed his groin, however he quickly used every last bit of willpower to prevent Carla from seeing. It didn’t matter, she already knew exactly how he was feeling. ‘Damn, why am I feeling like this? I’m not even picturing him doing anything and I’m so turned on. Is it because he has to urinate? It doesn’t matter, it’s now or never!’

“Lucas, it’s okay. I know what to do.” the detective reassured as she grabbed his hands and gently pulled him up. “What, what are you talking about?” Lucas nervously questioned. She grabbed the trash can and placed it in between them. ‘Shit, she’s going to see the torn document! If she pieces that together with tape or something I’m fucked!’ he panicked. Luckily for him, the woman had other ideas. “I can tell you need to urinate Lucas, you must have been desperate for a while. I am too, it’s actually why I was sweating earlier as you noticed. Use the trash can, I don’t mind. If anything, I need to confirm something.” she explained. ‘Is she nuts?! The Oracle did say we had similar tastes. Still, if I use the trash can, Carla can’t get the document unless she wants to stick her hand in my piss. Besides, even if she did, the urine should cause the paper to fall apart and the ink to become indelible. I won’t get such an opportunity ever again, I should accept it.’ Lucas thought to himself.

He unzipped his pants and grabbed his cock. Carla studied it in amazement, how could it be that firm and long when flaccid? Whatever the case was, it was certainly a looker. The head to shaft ratio was well balanced and showed no signs of an STD. He was also circumcised. A stream came out with a little force, hitting the trash can with force. Watching it made Carla let out a spurt, and she yelped. Lucas looked up and saw the wet spot that had formed on her crotch, causing his cock to harden and rise. Meanwhile, Carla quickly unzipped her slacks and yanked them down along with her panties in one go. As her lower garments clung to her ankles, she spread her vulva apart and aimed, then moaned in relief as her waterfall came flowing, joining his own lake of urine. Lucas’ dick grew even harder and twitched at the sight of Carla peeing with her lower half exposed, and dread struck him.

‘Shit, she finds out that I was watching her piss and I’m done for!’ To his surprise, Carla had the opposite reaction. “I’m so sorry Lucas! I didn’t think I would have this effect on you! Most would see this behavior as unladylike, and I thought you would be too busy with your own situation.” she quickly apologized as she shook her hips dry of any remaining urine droplets clinging to her genitals. ‘Yeah right, do you see yourself?! Who wouldn’t like watching you urinate, especially with such a rocking body?’ He didn’t want to blurt that out, however the next thing on his mind might have even been a worse option. “Actually, seeing the wet spot form on your pants gave me this.” Lucas explained, then nervously laughed as he gestured to his raging hard on. Once again, she didn’t seem offended in the slightest. “Oh? Well, either way I’m sorry to have interrupted your...er...stream.”

“Don’t worry, it'll go down eventually.” Lucas assured as he struggled to hold down his stiff cock and pull his jeans back up. He proceeded to button and zip his pants, which caused Carla to sigh in disappointment as she knew it meant she wouldn’t be seeing his dick for a while. The detective followed suit with her own lower garments and redonned her upper ones as well while writing a number down. “This is my private number. We’ll make sure to keep in touch with this mystery.” she explained. “Sure thing Carla.” Lucas replied as he handed her his own. Unbeknownst to him, she wasn't just referring to the homicide case. Their mutual infatuation and sexual attraction, along with their erotic dreams and constant urination was no coincidence. They would get to the bottom of this.

Act 2: Increasing Sexual tension and Danger

Carla: Relaxed Bladder, Soaked Panties

Carla was humming in the shower as she scrubbed her body clean while the hot water soaked her comfortably. It had been a good day so far, as her and Tyler appeared to be making significant progress. They had learned some important information, and even had a suspect. ‘Lucas Kane appeared to be a nice and humble man, as well as an admittingly handsome man.’ the detective thought to herself. ‘However he’s got to be the killer. He’s been panicking and his forearms are wounded, lining up with what we have so far.’ In addition she had gone to the gun range to practice with her Beretta 92fs. As usual, she had done excellent. In addition, the smell of gunpowder gave her a feeling of excitement, almost bordering on arousal and she had to urinate. She had considered urinating in the shower as she had in the past, however decided against it. Her need wasn’t anywhere near that level.

Holding contests were undeniably fun, at least for her. Once she was done, Carla stepped out, then dried herself off and donned one of her favorite outfits, a white tank top and tanga white panties. It was simple, yet sexy and comfortable. Well, at least in normal weather. In the current freeze Carla’s nipples proudly poked through the tank top and visible goosebumps could be spotted on her cleavage, abdominal region, and ass cheeks. Still, she walked around the apartment and did work on her computer, at least until her doorbell rang.

“Hey Carla, it’s me Tommy!” “Hey Tommy, I’ll be right there, just give me a minute!” she yelled back. As much as she would have loved to open the door and give him the shock of seeing her underwear, she also knew it was wrong and stupid. In addition Tommy was gay so he wouldn’t even enjoy it, therefore it was pointless as well. She headed to her closet to get dressed when her bladder and genitals started to ache. It was a good kind of ache, but still an ache nonetheless. Carla soothingly rubbed her labia to comfort herself as best as she could and ward off the feeling, then proceeded to pull on her red and black sweater, then her slacks.

She would have zipped up and buttoned her pants as well, but stopped. Tommy knew well enough of how much she enjoyed holding her urine in from a past conversation, and he had told her in no unclear terms he wasn’t bothered. Not wanting to deal with the discomfort of tight pants compressing her bladder, she instead left the button undone and the zipper pulled down, showing a bit of the crotch of her panties. Satisfied, she walked back out of her room and to the peephole. Seeing he was still there and not wanting to keep her friend and guest waiting any longer, proceeded to open the door and greet him.

“Tommy, good to see you! Please come on in.” “Carla, I see you’re testing yourself again. Hope it’s not a bad time, I’d hate to be a bad neighbor.” “Of course not, you’re more than welcome. So is your French Chablis too.” “I got you your favorite. I hope a lovely bachelorette such as yourself has some wine glasses around.” Tommy explained as he walked in. He was a thin and pale, but attractive man with black hair stylishly gelled over. He was somewhat similar in appearance to Lucas, but thinner and more of a flamboyant pretty boy then Lucas’ straightlaced and more professional image.

“How about a toast?” he suggested as he poured them both drinks. “To what exactly?” “Love of course, what else?” Tommy excitedly explained. “I’ll drink to that.” Carla agreed as the two brought their glasses together. The cold and refreshing alcohol removed her thirst, but also increased her need. ‘No matter, I always enjoy a challenge.’ she thought to herself. “So, are you seeing anyone?” she questioned first. “I actually am! I met him two weeks ago, and he’s super polite and into me. I think I finally found the one. What about you?” “I’m afraid I’m still single.” “What, but you’re such a beautiful girl, go find yourself a nice guy! If there’s one thing New York is full of, it’s handsome men.” “I wish it were that simple.” Carla sighed as she discreetly rubbed her thighs together under the table. She had to resist the urge to massage her labia as she did earlier.

“Truth be told, many at my workplace believe I’m just asexual or buried within my work, but that’s not true at all. I’ve had sex with men before and thoroughly enjoyed it if they lasted long enough, however all of my attempts at real romance burned out in failure.” Carla admitted. Normally she wouldn't have divulged as much but the alcohol was making her more truthful. “There’s one guy I’m kinda into. He’s a bit humble and professional, almost like a real life Bruce Wayne. The poor man even lost his parents.” Tommy raised a hand to his chest. “Interesting! What’s the problem then, he sounds just like your type.” “Well, there’s a high chance he’s the murderer I’ve been chasing. That’s why. The one guy I’m into and he’s a killer.” Carla bitterly explained.

“I’m sorry Carla, I didn’t mean to upset you.” “No, it’s fine Tommy. I’m really glad you’re here since you’re the only one I could even admit this to.” “Anytime my dear friend, anytime.” Tommy assured. “I’m also glad you got your smile back. I was getting worried.” “I was too.” Tommy admitted. “I thought New York didn’t give a damn about gayness, since they were so enlightened. How wrong I was, they still look at us differently than so-called normal folks.” “Tommy, you have every right to be upset but things are changin, it’s a new century after all! Samantha is bisexual, and I’m into a rare kink. Apparently she had it too, Tyler told me they just discovered it.” “Seriously? Good for them!” “Yeah right, I’m just jealous.”

“Seriously Carla, you’re jealous?” “I know it’s stupid and I wish them both the best, but it’s just infuriating that they get the romantic happiness and physical affection I crave so much. They even get to enjoy my favorite kink together when they just discovered it whereas I’m stuck with myself! Sorry, that was too much information.” she ranted. Just thinking about whatever games Tyler and Samantha were up to made her want to piss right then and there but she restrained herself. “Carla, I don't mind. You said it yourself I’m the only one you can talk to about these things, so talk to me all you want! Actually, I have an idea.” “Oh?” “Yeah, I brought some tarot cards. We’ll see if you can find your true love, or be a withered old maid for the rest of eternity.” “Okay Mr. Gypsy.” Carla teased with a handwave. “Show me my future.”

“Alright then, first just mix up the cards here.” Tommy suggested as he handed her the deck. The detective obliged and shuffled them together until she was satisfied, then handed them back. “Choose two cards.” her friend suggested. Carla chose two towards the middle. One was a naked blonde woman with a sash covering her genitals, her luscious breasts however lay bare. Pretty erotic detailing for a tarot card, enough to cause Carla to let a drop spill. She let out a barely noticeable gasp. The other was a full moon. “Well, that’s interesting. Looks like you will have a rather intimate love life, emotionally and physically!” “How do you know emotionally?” “Well the woman here represents raw carnal pleasure, but also a cycle. That lets you know things will last for a good long while.”

“That sounds rather promising, let’s keep going.” Truth speaking, Carla was pretty skeptical, but the alcohol and her dire need to urinate distracted her inhibitions enough to be curious. All she wanted was to reach the ending. She grabbed another two cards and showed them to Tommy. This time however, he grimaced. “It appears you’re following someone with a disturbing secret. It also says he’s misunderstood so perhaps he’s somewhat innocent. Is this the man you were talking about earlier?” “Perhaps, these are just cards so I’m not so sure.” “Even so, be careful Carla.” “Relax, I’m a detective, I know what I’m doing.” She reached for her final two cards. “A child leading to salvation, and death. I’m so sorry Carla, we need to end this right here.” Tommy abruptly announced.

“Relax Tommy, it’s just a silly card game.” Carla assured in her musical voice. “Even so, it wasn’t supposed to be like this. Besides, I need to head home.” “Well alright then Tommy, thanks for entertaining and don’t wait for so long next time.” Truth be told while she certainly enjoyed their time together she was dying for a piss and couldn’t compose herself much further. She bade him farewell, and as soon as he was out the door, she carefully shut it, then immediately whipped off her sweater and headed for the toilet while yanking her pants down. Once she reached it, she sat her heavenly bottom, completely removed her pants, and set to work. She couldn’t help but moan loudly in relief as she emptied her bladder. However, she felt her crotch and ass get soaked. What was that foreign feeling? Suddenly she realized in horror that she had forgotten to remove her tanga panties in all her excitement and just wet herself.

‘That was more than just a couple of droplets this time, I might as well not wear underwear anymore!’ Carla embarrassedly thought to herself. Still, she couldn’t deny how the relief outweighed the embarrassment, and soaked panties even felt kind of good. She just sat on the toilet, still donned in sodden panties for a while, then eventually stood up, used copious amounts of toilet paper to dry her crotch, genitals, and ass, then proceeded to remove her tank top as well and step into the shower. A little messier than usual but not entirely unpleasant. Perhaps a repeat would be in order. As previously mentioned wishes occur in ways we probably don’t expect or want, and Carla would be a victim as well.

Carla, Sam, and Tyler: Anniversary Sex, Wet Dreams

Samantha was excited. Today was her anniversary with Tyler and they had planned a simple yet romantic night that would be filled love, slow dancing, champagne, and plenty of sex. The woman was especially excited now that they added urination to the mix, and to her surprise Tyler had told her Carla was fine with and even encouraged sexual activity for stress relief as long as it didn’t interfere with work. Preparing for the occasion, Samantha donned a sheer black dress that showed off a significant portion of her cleavage and abdomen, which she knew Tyler would go crazy for. Case in point, Tyler grinned with adoration as she popped into frame.

“Hello Darling.” “Hi Babe. Happy anniversary.” he returned as he leaned downwards to plant a kiss on his petite princess. He meant for it to be gentle, however she returned it with vigor. “Careful Sam, I want to save that for later. Right now I just want this to be us relaxing.” “I understand.” she nodded and they both slow-danced to some jazz. She sighed with love at the romantic atmosphere, swaying in satisfaction. She loved Tyler so much, this moment was more than enough for them. She could forgo sex entirely if it meant staying in this moment. Unfortunately that changed when they kissed again. Both Sam and Tyler were moving things faster than usual, usually dancing for a while longer. Instead they French kissed fervently, almost bordering on blowing each other’s tongues. Breaking it off they tilted back their glasses of champagne then went to business.

Tyler gently unclipped the necklace holding the dress together, watching the soft fabric fall and pool at his lover’s feet. Samantha’s pale nude body was shivering in delight and slight embarrassment, almost like it was their first time. Any shame went out the window and Tyler kissed her again, then began sucking and licking her pink nipples. She moaned and panted as he played with her breasts, hugging him tight as encouragement while standing on one foot to wrap her leg around him. His hand dipped to her crotch, playfully muffling her thick bush. She gasped and begged for more, which Tyler complied with. Eventually he got down on his knees and breathed hot air on her wet snatch, then began licking.

“Yes Tyler, YES!” she loudly encouraged in delight as he alternated from licking her clit, lapping at her labia, or tongue thrusting her vulva. Soon it wasn’t enough and her masochistic side took over. “Harder Tyler, bite me! Literally eat my pussy!” she demanded. He complied, biting down on her cunt and she shrieked at the pleasurable pain. She gyrated in his face as he continued to eat her out and she was loud enough that other neighbors would have banged on their door in order to shut her up had they been there. With one final lick and hard bite, Samantha screamed and squirted as Tyler greedily drank it all in. He laid her down on the couch and right as he began to undress he got a call from Carla. “Tyler, we’ve been ordered to capture Lucas Kane! We’re on his trail!” With that, she hung up, leaving both lovers frustrated. “Goddamnit Carla.” Tyler groaned. “Tyler…”

“Sam, don’t start with me. I told you how dangerous this Kane guy is, we have to arrest him. As much as I’d love to stay and continue, I have to do this. Just drink some more champagne and I’ll be back before you know it.” “I know Tyler, just don’t die.” “What?” “If you think you’re gonna die, don’t risk it. Just fall back. Tell Carla the same thing.” Normally he would have lectured Sam that their line of duty meant sacrifice, yet deep down something in his heart told him she was right this time. “Okay babe. First sign of danger and we’ll duck out. Boss won’t be happy but fuck him.” he promised. The two hugged and kissed each other farewell before he headed out.

Feeling drowsy, Samantha drank some more champagne, then lay down on the couch and went to sleep. Sometime later she felt something, something good. A wet lapping against her cunt. Was Tyler eating her out again? What a pleasant way to wake up! She continued to relax, enjoying being pleasured while in a semi asleep state. Soon she began to awaken a bit more, and lazily gyrated her hips to match whatever was making her feel so good. It caused the pleasure to repeat and she heard someone gasp. Excited, she vigorously continued to buck her hips as she began to wake up.

“Tyler you animal, thanks for this but you can stick it now.” she sleepily muttered in gratitude as she rubbed her eyes. “Stick it in? Sorry Sam, I don’t have a dick. I can still fuck you though.” a musical voice sang. A very familiar, very feminine voice.” Her eyes shot open in shock to see Carla eagerly performing cunnilingus. “Carla what the fuck?! Get off me!” Sam shrieked as she tried to push her off. Instead she instinctively grabbed Carla’s breasts, her fingers kneading the brown rough nipples causing Carla to grin. “Wow, you’re really good at this. Keep going.” Annoyed, Sam pinched them which made the other woman hiss in delight. “Excellent, but I know you can do better. Bite them like Tyler does to you.” “You weren’t supposed to enjoy that.” Sam shot back. Carla and quizzically stared at the girl beneath her.

“So you can be a masochist but I can’t? That doesn’t seem fair.” “I’m not talking about that, why are we doing this?!” Sam yelled in frustration. “I love Tyler, don’t do this to him or me.” “Oh that’s not an issue at all. Tyler’s sleeping and told me to accompany you. He can join us when he wakes up.” Carla explained as she mounted Sam, then locked legs so their cunts touched. Not wanting to argue anymore, Sam returned the favor and thrusted upwards. Carla moaned, then grinned as she continued to rub downwards. Soon she leaned back so both women were scissoring in unison, rubbing their wet cunts together as though lesbian porn was being filmed. “I love fucking you Sam.” Carla moaned. “I hope I’m fulfilling your fantasies like you are mine.” “Come again?” “Don’t deny it, you have desired me ever since you set eyes on me. Or more specifically, my sexy body. You like my curves?”

“Yes Carla, I love your tits and ass! And not just that, how beautiful and tough you are, how you introduced me to peeing during sex, how you take care of me.” Sam moaned back. “I really love how you fuck me too!” “Same here. Dominating a petite woman, I feel like a goddess now.” “You are Carla, you’re definitely a goddess. A really powerful sexual amazonian goddess.” Sam rambled as her climax drew near. Carla grinned in anticipation and performed a frenzy of downward thrusts until Sam cried as she came, squirting all over the couch, as well as Carla’s lap. The curvaceous woman was pleased with her work. “I would like to towel myself off, however I think there might be a better method if you know what I’m getting at. You could use it too.” Sam nodded, and climbed on top of Carla until they were in the sixty nine position, eagerly lapping each other’s juices off.

@@“Hey Carla, I told you to take care of Sam, not the other way around!” Tyler exclaimed as he walked into the living room, stroking his hard on. “Oh she did Tyler! She fucked me so good. Not as good as you of course but scissoring really is something else.” “I’ll bet it is.” he replied with a grin. “Tyler, when I woke up Sam the first thing she said was she wanted your dick. Think you can give it to her?” “Definitely. Sam lie down, Carla, sit on Sam’s face in my direction.” Both women eagerly got into position, Carla already riding Sam’s face. She spread her legs and squealed when he buried his dick within her vagina. The vibration made Carla go extra wild and soon the only sounds that could be heard were their moans and slapping flesh, more specifically Tyler’s balls slapping Sam’s cunt and Carla’s breasts flopping up and down. Eventually all three came, first Sam squirted all over Tyler’s dick, Tyler jizzed in her cunt, and Carla squirted in Sam’s mouth. All three headed to the shower and urinated. As predicted, Carla's beat them by a ton, although Sam and Tyler did well. That’s when she heard Tyler say something.

“Sam, wake up babe. I’m home.” “Huh?” she muttered. Suddenly she woke up and realized she had a literal wet dream, urinating in her sleep. “Hey Sam, it's alright. Don’t worry about it, we can always clean the couch.” Sam nodded as Tyler carried her to the shower, and they proceeded to have sex. She was disappointed that she had wasted her urine on a stupid dream but it didn’t matter. There was always next year. She felt more guilty about how scandalous the dream was, but kept quiet. It was just a dream and she didn’t want to stress Tyler out anymore than he already was. Both of them knew she was attracted to Carla, bringing it up wouldn’t solve anything and she wasn’t going to risk losing the two she loved the most over her fantasies. Having resolved to prove her love for Tyler, she gyrated her hips as his cock slammed into her cervix again until they both climaxed.

Carla, Tiffany, and Lucas: On the Run and Orange Clan Sex Rituals

Lucas was exhausted, having just narrowly escaped the police. Thankfully both sides had shown mercy, meaning there were no casualties. Still, he couldn’t help but feel shame knowing he let down Carla and the officer who had refused to arrest him earlier when the whole mess started. Despite what the Oracle had told him, Tiffany was his only chance so he made a break for her house. First he picked the lock on her back door and slipped in, making a note that he would have to remind her to fix that later. Next he devoured a sandwich from her fridge and drank some milk. The milk was refreshing, however it also made his bladder twinge. He headed to her bathroom and locked the door.

‘Great, I’m still murdering people against my will, on the run, breaking into my ex-girlfriend's house, raiding her fridge, and now using her restroom.’ Lucas thought as he unbuttoned and zipped down his jeans. Taking his cock out, he relaxed and sighed as he urinated, his stream resonating against the toilet water. Suddenly the bathroom door sounded. “Tiffany it’s me! I’ll be out in a second!” “Lucas, what the hell?!” “I’m sorry about your backdoor lock, it needs to be replaced.” “Whatever, just hurry up! We need to talk.” Mentally preparing himself, Lucas shook the head of his dick dry and flushed, then zipped and buttoned as he stepped out. “Lucas, what’s going on? I saw the news.” Tiffany started. She also needed to relieve herself, however she would hold off until she got the truth.

“I know this is going to sound crazy, but I just needed some food. I’m on the run for a crime that’s not my fault. This guy is possessing me and using me to commit murders for God knows why. I can’t stay here or you’re going to be in danger. I’m not asking you to believe me, I know it’s insane. I just needed to explain myself.” Tiffany sighed, remembering the awful nightmare. “Your possessor, is he a grey skinned robed man who looks like an orc?” “Yeah, he’s the Oracle. How did you know?” “Um, he caused me to wet the bed the other night. You did too, was it because of him?” Tiffany asked with a blush.

“It’s complicated but yeah. The fucker’s been haunting all my dreams although it’s been a while since that’s happened. Still, I’ve been needing to urinate much more quickly and my metabolism skyrocketed. It’s also been happening to the detective who's been chasing me. We were allies at first but now that she knows I’m the murderer.” Tiffany felt irritation at the mention of urinating and hearing the melancholy infatuation tone in Lucas’ voice once the detective, whoever she was, being brought up, however she put it aside in order to help him. “Look, I can help you. Don’t worry about it.” “Tiffany you can’t! The Oracle wants you dead and the police can arrest you for abetting me.”

“That’s not an issue. Tiffany Harper, step away from Lucas.” a new voice sounded. Lucas and Tiffany looked up to see Carla standing before them, having also entered through the back door. “No, I won’t let you hurt him!” Tiffany cried as she stood in front of Lucas. “Tiffany, I’m not here to-” Carla started, then stopped at the sound of the patter of liquid. The stress of having the detective cornering Lucas was too much stress and Tiffany voided her bladder, soaking her jeans. Carla and Lucas stared at the girl with arousal in their eyes as the poor woman continued to wet herself. Tiffany felt ashamed but unwaveringly stared at Carla without waver as she finished up. Her jeans were absolutely soaked and a puddle had formed on the floor.

“Lucas, clean that up and go wait somewhere while I take care of Tiffany.” He nodded at the meaningful look in her eyes, which basically said ‘Damn that was hot’. He grabbed some napkins to absorb it while Carla helped Tiffany into the bathroom. She sat the redhead down on the toilet, then unzipped and peeled off her wet jeans and soaked green panties. She proceeded to grab some toilet paper to wipe Tiffany’s genitals, dabbing her red pubes and labia. Once doing so, she realized some watered down blood was noticeable. “Tiffany, you’re on your period.” “I am?” “Yeah, got any pads or tampons?”

“Tampons are in the medicine cabinet.” Carla went and carefully inserted it in Tiffany’s vagina, then removed the plastic tubing, causing Tiffany to gasp. “Sorry Tiffany, I know it must be painful. Having all this happen while you're menstruating is quite the experience to say the least.” “Just, please don’t hurt Lucas.” “I’m not. I know he’s innocent. I’d never thought I’d help a criminal in all my years but this time I have to. Just take care of yourself.” Tiffany nodded and she took a shower while Carla put her clothes in the laundry. Meanwhile Lucas patiently waited for Carla. “I’m done with Tiffany.” “Thanks. What now?” Lucas questioned.

“The Oracle told me my mother and I were descendants from the Orange Clan. I did my research and found a lead. We’re heading to the museum to speak to Professor Dimitri Kuriakin. He apparently knows a lot about Mayan culture, even the more wilder stuff.” “Great.” Lucas groaned. “What, you don’t like the idea of Mayan sex rituals? Don’t offend my culture.” Carla teased, although she felt the same way. The fact that the Orange Clan revered sex and urination to such a degree of worship was baffling. They headed over and talked with the man at length.

“So, what do you want to know?” he first questioned. “Hello, I’m Carla Valenti and this is John Cunningham.” the female detective introduced as Lucas prayed his jacket and hat disguise was enough to forgo suspicion. “We need information on a Mayan clan known as the Orange Clan. We have a feeling our suspect is a member of them.” “Really now?” “Yes, he has performed ritualistic murders and wounded his arm into the shape of a serpent. We need all the information we can get.” The professor sighed. “Alright then. Know the material I’m about to speak of contains subject of violence and sex. Is this okay with both of you?” They both nodded. “Alright, follow me.” Professor Kuriakin led them into a special room which displayed paintings and carvings of Orange Clan activities.

“According to legend, the Orange Clan are a specific clan of Mayans. Unlike most who performed sacrifices out of need, the Orange Clan murdered mainly because it amused them. Hunting men was no different from a boar to them. A tradition they performed was of course the infamous heart stab. Even more unusual, they encouraged rampant sex. It was an ordinary sight to see them engaging in intercourse in the middle of the jungle or rivers. However, most of them commonly took place in temples for one specific reason: procreation.” Lucas and Carla briefly looked at each other.

“It was hard to fully translate or understand what was going on, however we pieced a good chunk from script and art. Conception and childbirth was done through a process we determined was loosely known as the ‘Sexual Urinating Indigo Prophecy’. As you can see from these pictures, the woman lies or sits in a chair with stirrups as the man enters her. They both urinate into this fountain bowl looking device when they’re done. Nine months later, of course, the woman gives birth to her child in the same chair. Virginity was a special case however. According to legend, if the hymen was broken and blood entered the fountain, the serpent spirit Quetzalcoatl would devour whoever the couple prayed for.” Lucas scribbled it all down in notes while Carla snapped photos of the various writings and art.

@@“Were you able to determine why?” Carla questioned. “Well, like I said I think they just enjoyed it. The reasoning they provided was the gods and spirits also enjoyed it. More specifically, they would bless the Orange Clan with an Indigo Child. This ‘Indigo Child’ would grant them godhood as well. As pleasant as this conversation was, it’s all I have.” With that he left the two. Carla and Lucas looked at each other. “Well what now?” Lucas questioned. “I don’t know.” Carla grumbled. “We’re fucked.” he replied. “Will you stop panicking?” she hissed in exasperation. “We can handle this, we even got good information.” “Good information my ass, the Oracle already told us about this. Our only options are to either do what he says, find the Indigo Child, or summon Quetzalcoatl to take him out.” “Then that’s what we’ll do!” the female detective threw her arms up in frustration. If we have to fuck then fine, whatever solves the problem.” “I’m looking forward to it, believe me, but it won’t do much. He’s still gonna kill more.” They continued squabbling like a married couple until they exited the building and headed to the parking lot.

“Hold up, I gotta piss.” Carla interrupted. “Yeah, me too.” Lucas admitted. “Are there any bathrooms nearby?” “No, we’re just going to have to go here.” the detective sighed as she unzipped her trousers and tugged down her panties, then shrugged off her coat so it didn’t get splash damage. Lucas followed suit and soon both were shivering as their bare parts were exposed to the frigid cold. “I got a challenge for you Kane.” Carla suggested mischievously. “Alright, what do you have in mind?” “Whoever has the longer stream wins. If you finish first, you have sex my way when the time comes. If I finish first, I will do what you want.” “I suppose that’s a fair deal.” The two postured correctly, then voided their bladders.

Obviously Lucas’ urine shot further than Carla’s, however it wasn’t as plentiful. Carla’s was a shorter drop, however it was much thicker and clearer, and also resulted in a larger puddle. She laughed in victory as she shook her hips dry. Lucas looked over and got a hard on from seeing her gyrate and the massive puddle she had left behind. She wiped herself from a towelette she had and handed one to Lucas, then noticed the monster he had just sprouted. While admiring how hung he was, the detective was also exasperated that he would be inconvenienced.

“Lucas, I get how you feel but now’s not the time.” Carla admonished as she pulled her panties and slacks up, then redonned her coat. “You think I don’t know that?” he grumbled as he stuck it back in his trousers. Soon they walked to her apartment, thankfully nobody had noticed who Lucas was or the tent protruding from his crotch. “Well, home sweet home.” She introduced. It was similar to his, but somehow nicer with better decorations. “I have to go work on a case. You stay here and don’t leave unless you absolutely have to, understand?” He nodded in return. “You can sleep in my bed or the couch.” “I’ll stick to the couch for now.” “We’ll see.” she smirked.

Tiffany: Kidnappings and Wettings

“AUGH!” Tiffany woke up with a start to the discomfort of being immobile, freezing, and a full bladder.. As she came to, she realized that she appeared to be tied up with no wiggle room whatsoever, fastened to an alarmingly tall structure. The frigid air nipped at her face, thankfully she was fully bundled up that proved to be a meaningless comfort considering her situation. She didn’t remember anything, just going to sleep after a long shift. Still, she was captured here and now. The orc looking man donning a robe approached her. “Hello, Tiffany is it?” “What the hell do you want, you cult goblin?!” she shrieked in rage and despair. “Well that’s no way to talk to someone who has you at their mercy now, does it? I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that, now where is Lucas Kane?” “I don’t know! Just let me go, leave us alone!” she sobbed.

“Well that’s no good, here’s an ultimatum, either you tell me where he is or you’re dead.” She could tell from the ominous look and tone that the man wasn’t bluffing in the slightest. The threat almost let a spurt loose but she clamped her thighs and genitals shut, refusing to let this horrid man see anything so humiliating. “I can’t tell you where he is, but I can make him come here.” She was ashamed that she had sold Lucas out so quickly, he must have already been stressed enough that he was a criminal on the loose for a crime that was completely out of his control, he didn’t need any of this. “Really, how?” “There’s a phone in my pocket, just grab it and search through the contacts, you’ll find Lucas. Press the button and he’ll answer.” The man didn’t know what a phone was, but her instructions lead to him dialing Lucas’ number. “Hello? Tiffany, is that you?” he answered. “Why call so late?”

“I’m sorry Lucas, I’m sorry for trapping you.” she told him with tears pricking her eyes, and the cold causing further pain. “Trapping, what’s going on?” “That man from our nightmares, he’s holding me hostage at the old amusement park. I had to, or he’ll kill me!” “Tiff it’s alright, I can save you. Just hang in there.” With that, he hung up. After an agonizing half hour he showed up. The realization that Lucas might actually die because of her cowardness had suddenly caught up to her and she started screaming. “LUCAS NO, TURN BACK!! IT’S A TRAP!” Still, he trudged on, and made his way to the roller coaster, riding the car upwards until he reached her. She continued to screech but Lucas wouldn’t budge.

“It’s alright Tiffany! He can’t prevent me from saving you!” he declared as he dashed across a thin beam. A normal person would have had to carefully tread as though it were a tightrope yet he had made it look easy. She was squirming as best as she could, both from the desperation of wanting to be free and to urinate but she continued to hold it in. If Lucas could risk his life to save her she could hold in her urine to save her dignity. He reached her and removed a sharp and serrated knife, using it to saw through the ropes binding her. She collapsed in his arms, gasping in relief. “Lucas we need to get out of here, that man-!” “Is right here.” the ominous voice finished for her.

“Enjoy your ride to the other world.” the robed figure boomed as he raised his hands to the night skies. All of a sudden the structure began to shake. She and Lucas struggled to find balance, and all of a sudden she was gripped with the feeling that death awaited her right then and there. The thought caused her to lose control of her bladder and urine thoroughly poured out of her, spreading from her crotch and seeping her rear, then dripping down her inner thighs and pooling at her feet. Her jeans were utterly soaked in it and she couldn’t even care, didn’t even feel it, just terror and imminent doom. Suddenly Lucas grabbed her and dived, and they both tumbled down. She had completely passed out.

After a while, Tiffany stirred once more. This time it was more pleasant, due to the hot water thoroughly cleaning her tired and battered body as she lay down on the shower floor. Lucas was holding the shower head, spraying at her naked body. Normally she would be upset, but these were no ordinary circumstances. First off, Lucas had somehow managed to do the unthinkable and saved them both from what seemed to be a suicidal rescue. It had been all her fault yet he had persevered through beginning to end. Not as significant or impressive, he had also saved her from being an amputee. The urine coating her legs along with the freezing weather would have caused irreversible damage to her legs yet he had taken care of her in that regard as well. Having fully recovered, she bolted up and hugged him, not caring that she was completely naked.

“LUCAS! THANK YOU!” “I told you I’d come through Tiffany. I told you.” “How did you do it though?” “I know this is hard to believe but I have superhuman powers now, mainly increased strength, agility, and durability. Those last two were what allowed me to jump us both off and land completely unscathed.” Normally these would be the words of a crazy man, however Lucas offered the only possible explanation, and even if it was completely delusional he still pulled through and saved her. The thought caused her to break down in tears. “What’s wrong Tiff? Well, dumb question I’m sorry.”

“No, I understand. It’s just, I sold you out like a coward, and you still went out of your way to save your selfish bitch of an ex girlfriend. Why?” “Tiffany, I have no hard feelings for how things ended or our current situation. It’s my fault you were even targeted, these guys went after Marcus as well. Besides, even if I did completely despise you, which I could never, it’s still my responsibility to save you.” The absolute selflessness combined with the absolute relief of living another day had led to her jumping him, kissing him up and down. She proceeded to unzip his jeans, excited at the monster that sprang out when Lucas stopped her. “No, I can’t. Thank you Tiffany, but I’m too exhausted. Besides, you don’t owe me anything, I told you I would have saved you no matter what.” “Of course I know that, I just wanted to make love. And you can’t be too exhausted, I can see you’re ready.” Tiffany explained as she stared at his erect penis.

“But what about the other night? We agreed that we can’t be together.” “I know, but-” she suddenly came to the realization of why Lucas seemed so hesitant to have sex with her. “Is it because you found someone else?” “Sort of.” Lucas admitted with his head down. “Carla, the detective who’s helping me out.” Tiffany was a little shocked and slightly annoyed Lucas had moved on, but she banished the selfish thoughts. Lucas had saved her and that was most important. “I understand. Thank you for everything and good luck.” “Tiffany, after tonight you need to go somewhere else. The man knows where your place is, my place is currently an off limits crime scene, and this motel is a temporary solution. Go to the police or a friend, I don’t know.” “I understand.” Lucas left and Tiffany wondered what would happen next. Things weren’t over just yet, but the worst of it certainly was.

Act 3: Climactic Battle, Ending with a Splash

Carla and Lucas: Frozen in Fear Wetting and Relationship Upgrade

It was around the afternoon when Carla headed to the Bellevue Asylum. After the Kirsten email and questioning academy teacher Robert Mitchell, she had learned that one of the patients, Anton Janos, was the one who had carved himself and Kirsten, similar to Lucas. He had taken a different approach however, and had waited for the police to arrive so he could confess. However they did not believe him, leading him into a rage, Because of the crime and his volatile nature he was committed to Bellevue Asylum. While she had originally been skeptical, after seeing the amazing feats Lucas Kane had performed and his refusal to kill her or any of the other police officers, as well as her own monstrous strength, it wasn’t entirely out of the question that Lucas and the others may have been possessed by otherworldly forces to commit fierce murders. Unfortunately, she hadn’t really gathered much other than the fact that he was indeed possessed. She decided to go big or go home.

“Was anything else out of the ordinary?” “What do you mean?” Janos questioned. “Exceptional strength, increased metabolism, increased sexual desire?” Janos laughed. “What the hell are you talking about whore? Is that why you’re shivering like that? Not from the cold, but from the need to piss?” She brushed off the insults, more worried that they reminded her that her bladder was indeed quite full at the moment. “I understand it’s embarrassing, but it’s perfectly natural. Please answer so I can solve this crime.” Suddenly his mood switched. “You’re the matriarch, aren’t you?” “What?” “I did see a vision of you. The man said you were a true Mayan of the Orange clan, and he showed me you getting your brains fucked out by some guy in a room in front of an audience.” he rambled with a perverted grin.

“Did you gather anything else he said about me?” the detective questioned, keeping her composure. “Why am I the matriarch?” “Maybe if you released me, we could get somewhere.” Carla shook her head. “Sorry Mr. Janos. I think I got all I could. Thanks for the info.” Anton Janos growled, then grinned. “Don’t piss yourself honey.” She ignored it and stepped outside. She was ready to head for a restroom when the power cut out. Growls and cries filled the pitch black darkness, along with thunderous feet. ‘SHIT, the inmates are loose!’ the detective internally panicked. ‘Should I just wet myself now so I don’t have to worry about my full bladder hindering my movements? No, I should hold it for as long as I can. The best solution of course is don’t piss my pants, but if I have to I can at least use it as a distraction.’

Holding her breath steady as best as she could, Carla slowly trudged back to the main entrance. Suddenly she heard some footsteps, and stopped. They moved on, so she continued as well. Then someone else came. She could smell his rank breath as he drew nearer to the point where she grabbed and kneed him in the face to knock him out. Unfortunately that made noise so she had no choice but to make a run for it. Right as she made it, the lights turned back on, however the door was still locked. She turned around and while she knew she could take them all on, the sight of so many inmates charging at her sent fear straight to her heart and bladder. A spurt dampened her crotch and she immediately banged on the door in panic.

“LET ME IN, LET ME IN!” she shrieked hysterically. Thankfully one of the head mental health care workers did as asked and pulled her in. Once she was safe, any resistance her genitals had broke down and she shuddered as her urine poured out in a torrent, effectively soaking her slacks, panties, and leaving a huge puddle on the floor. Thankfully everyone in the room had turned away to give her some privacy yet she still felt ashamed and humiliated, what kind of detective had an accident in a situation such as this? She was given a new change of pants and underwear and she drove back home, ready to retire for the night. Walking in, she noticed Lucas was nowhere to be seen. She threw her arms up in exasperation. “Can I trust that idiot to follow simple instructions?” Feeling stressed out, Carla took off all her clothes and proceeded to forget her frustrations by masturbating.

First she kneeled upright on her mattress, then set to fingering herself while groping her left breast, playing with the nipple. She didn’t think of anything in particular at first, just focusing on the pleasure to distract herself from Lucas’ disappearance or her earlier accident. However, soon she began to remember all the times she saw Lucas naked as they urinated in harmony. Of course Lucas was an attractive man, however that wasn’t all. They had gotten to know each other better over time and soon became inseparable. Well their feelings were, obviously she needed to really drive it in that he couldn’t just go off on his own. Soon her hormones shot forward and she began grinding against the bedpost rather aggressively until she came hard. Having been long overdue an orgasm, she grabbed a pair of white tank top and white tanga panties to dress in and went straight to sleep with satisfaction.

@@Soon she was in the cognitive area again, this time a jungle. As usual she was naked but this time free to move. Carla carefully roamed the forest, her naked body sweating from the heat. Finally she came across a lake. Grateful, she cupped some water and drank from it with large slurps, then bathed in it. After a while, Lucas came and joined her, also naked. Without a word he lay down on the grassy shore and Carla climbed on top, immediately impaling her gash with his dick. The head brushed against her G spot and they both gasped in pleasure. She rode him with expertise, gyrating her hips while he bounced his cock within her in up and down motions, slamming into her cervix. He came first, hot semen flooding her womb and feeling his dick twitch caused her to reach orgasm as well, screaming in pleasure. He withdrew his cock and she got on her knees to lick it dry of her own juices. Then she turned around to get on her hands and knees. Lucas slammed into her with vigor, enjoying the tight feeling of fucking Carla doggy style as he occasionally slapped her ass or grasped her breasts. This time they orgasmed in unison, groaning in ecstasy. He withdrew again and they both stood back up, then urinated on the ground to water the vegetation. The naturally diuretic spring water caused both of their urine to be extremely clear and strong in force, as well as containing enough nutrients to nurture the jungle flora. Once finished they licked each other’s genitals free of any urine.

Slowly Carla woke up. She groaned in embarrassment, having wet the bed again. Her wet tanga panties stubbornly clung to her genitals and she could have sworn that the wet spot on her bed was even larger and wider spread than the last time. She sighed, getting ready to do laundry when she suddenly remembered Lucas had been missing the previous night. She immediately bolted out the door, only to be relieved to see him on the sofa in his jockey shorts. Unfortunately, Lucas himself wasn’t feeling quite well at all. Having visited Carla’s cognitive space, he had also wet himself in his sleep, soaking his boxers and the couch. He was curled up, wondering how to hide it or just how terrible the situation was all around when Carla shook his shoulder, her slim yet strong hands being far warmer than they had any right to be in such weather.

@@“You have a lot of explaining to do, Kane.” Carla admonished, having not noticed Lucas’ accident. “I specifically told you not to leave unless something serious happened. You better have a good explanation for this. And don’t lie, I know you were gone, I was here before you last night.” she sternly lectured. “I had to rescue Tiffany. The Oracle kidnapped her.” Lucas replied in a hoarse voice. ‘Please just go, go to your job so I can clean this up and you won’t have to see what a loser I am.’ he internally prayed. “Oh, I’m so sorry. Is she-?” “Tiffany’s fine. I got her in time.” “Alright then, Lucas.” he sighed in relief thinking she would be on her way when she tried to pull him up for a hug. “Don’t touch me!” he yelled. “What the-Lucas, what's wrong?” she questioned, wondering why he was acting strange. Suddenly she realized he suspiciously curled up as though he were doing his best to hide the couch cushions and his underwear. She hoisted him up despite his protests and got a good look at him.

@@“Lucas, it’s perfectly natural. I wet the bed too.” Carla reassured in her musical voice as she gestured to her wet tanga panties. Lucas stopped staring at the floor and instead got a good look at her. Her curvaceous body and choice of underwear was perfect, just the right amount of sexy. Forget nudity, he could fuck her just the way she was, pulling her wet panties to the side so he could stick his dick straight up her pussy and fuck her seneseless. She leaned in and kissed him, cupping his cheeks in her hand. He slowly returned it and on instinct rubbed his hard on against her wet crotch. She returned it, both of them moaning at the contact. Carla shoved Lucas back on the couch and began grinding in earnest until they both came. The detective’s panties were soaked to the point of being see through and Lucas’ jockey shorts were uncomfortably sticky and wet from the combination of urine, precum, and jizz. He ignored it and instead got on his knees to suck the urine out of Carla’s tanga panties, causing her to moan as she pushed his head away. “Sorry Carla, I don’t know what came over me.” he apologized. Of course mutual attraction was confirmed, but to actually grind each other? He was ashamed that his hormones took over so easily, he should have been a professional gentleman.

“Lucas, you have nothing to apologize for, other than maybe making me late or holding back this entire time.” she replied in earnest. “Let’s throw our clothes in the laundry and take a shower. Look all you want, no touching though. I really don’t want to be late and our first time needs to be special.” “Agreed.” he responded, as they both threw their underwear in the laundry and took a shower. “We put it off as long as we could, however I think we should just listen to what the Oracle says for now.” Lucas began as he washed his dick of any semen or urine. However, he caught sight of Carla’s beautiful ass, perfectly curved. Her heritage and tanga panties had resulted in an even and perfect tan, although tan lines were totally sexy as well. Whatever the case was, it caused him to grow a hard on once more and the gentle washing moved to a stroking motion.

“You were against it at first, what made you change your mind?” Carla questioned as she wiped her labia, then stepped in the shower as well. She smirked as he saw Lucas, although refrained from speaking on it, instead turning the other direction and pretending not to have witnessed anything. ‘I’ll keep quiet for now, see where this goes. Lucas, you naughty boy, masturbating to my body.’ “Well, seeing Tiffany almost die was a warning. He’s not playing around anymore. What if he possesses me to kill you.” “Lucas, you’re being ridiculous. He needs me, remember? I’m the only one with true Orange Clan heritage. I’m more worried about you and your family. Mine too. Dad’s far away but he might be in danger.” “Exactly. I really wanted to avoid it, however it seems we’re going to have to surrender if we want to avoid anyone else. If the Orange Clan is so convinced our love will bring them some Indigo Child then they might be distracted by us, thus avoiding more sacrifices.”

“They’ll certainly be distracted by the rituals we’ll be performing, that’s for sure.” Carla replied bitterly. “I know Carla, it sucks.” Lucas went for a hug however his partner pushed him back. “Sorry darling, not with that monster. I can’t resist the temptation.” she teased as she turned around. Lucas got a good look at her beautiful teasing face, full lips, heaving breasts with dark nipples, hard abs, and bare groin. To increase his arousal, being showered with droplets added to her sex appeal. “Shit, I forgot! Follow me.” she suddenly jumped, forgetting the sexual tension. Carla quickly towelled off and headed to the living room, Lucas following. She deposited a photo and address into his hands. “These are my friends, Samantha and Tyler. Tyler’s my detective partner and Sam’s his fiance. Go there and wait by the doorsteps once I’m gone. We’ll all meet there.”

“Why exactly?” “They got caught up in this as well, although not as much as we did. They’ve also been having cognitive invasions?” the detective continued as she dressed in her underwear and detective uniform. “You mean the nightmares?” “Yeah. They’re being recruited by the Oracle. I hate to drag them into this, however they’re already involved and we need to help each other out. I’ll call Sam and tell Tyler what’s going on at the office. Bye honey.” she summarized and kissed Lucas. “Bye Carla.” Lucas responded. He sighed as he got dressed and packed his items. He remembered Tyler. The man was thankfully no rabid or corrupt cop, however that probably made him hate criminals even more. He really hoped everyone would be able to pull through. Some time later, he showed up at the apartment and headed to Tyler and Sam’s room, knocking on the door.

Carla and Lucas, Sam Malone and Tyler, Tiffany and Sam Hugues: Fulfilling the Sexual Urinating Indigo Prophecy

@@“Hey, Lucas Kane here. Carla sent me.” Meanwhile, Tyler shuddered at what he just heard. He had just been getting ready to head out when Lucas had arrived. Carla had forgotten that she and Lucas were much more physically advanced and he would arrive sooner than she anticipated, thus he would show up far before she had any time to inform either of the couple. He grabbed his Beretta 92fs and opened the door, pointing it straight at Lucas’ head. “Hold it there, Kane. What the hell do you mean ‘Carla sent you?’ She would never abbett a criminal, she’s married to the job.” “She knows I’m innocent. She was supposed to tell you at work, I must have arrived sooner than anticipated.” “Tyler, Carla’s trying to talk to me, on the phone you mind keeping it down?” Samantha joined in as she walked to the entrance. She had been ready to shower and was wearing a towel. “Hey, close the door, it's cold enough as is. And why didn’t you tell me we had guests before I came in here walking in a towel.” she admonished with a blush, until she got a good look at Lucas.

Recognizing him from the news, her rosy cheeks were drained from the blush and replaced with pale pallor and she gasped, her throat tightening. Her bladder did the exact opposite, gushing urine all over legs and on to the floor, soaking her feet as they stood in the puddle. Her legs trembled as the waif backed away in horror, before tripping and falling on her ass, still sitting in her wet puddle of fear. Normally she would have gone before or during the shower, however right as she was about to call Carla had called, which put that on hold. Her dire need to urinate increased and distracted her from listening to the phone call and Tyler’s arguing with whoever didn’t help. That was least of her worries now, Lucas Kane had cornered both of them. She didn’t even care about the accident she just had, she just wanted them to stay alive. Unfortunately for her they were never in any danger and Lucas just felt embarrassed, having enjoyed watching another man’s lover wet herself.

“I’ll wait outside for now.” he announced, knowing the two would need privacy. “Just cuff yourself from the back.” Tyler snarled as he tossed the fugitive handcuffs. To his surprise, Lucas complied. The male detective proceeded to finally shut the door and locked it, then scooped up Sam and carried her to their room. ‘She’s no Carla, but damn she looks good. Petite woman, pixie cut, Tyler sure is lucky. Wait, what the hell am I thinking, they’re married! Orange Clan hormones are messing with me.’ Meanwhile Tyler threw the soaked towel in the laundry and helped Samantha in the shower. “I’m so sorry about this Sam, I have no idea what the hell is going on. Carla’s lost her damn mind.” “So that was the phone call. I heard something about someone coming over, I didn’t think it was him. What’s going on?” “I have no idea. She has some serious explaining to do.” He phoned her up while Samantha showered.

“Carla, what the fuck is going on?!” “I should be asking you that, why aren’t you at the office?” “Because Lucas Kane shows up at my door, saying you sent him there!” “Shit, why is he so early?” “Why is he at my door?!” “Tyler, calm down. Lucas is innocent, I swear.” “He killed those people and is a demon worshipper!” “No, he was being possessed. Remember the orc guy in yours and Sam’s nightmares? That’s the guy behind this all. Just show up to work and all will be explained. We’ll tell Sam later once we get back.” “Fine.” he grumbled as he hung up. “Sam, I gotta go to work. Stay up here until me and Carla get back. Lucas is supposedly innocent but I don’t believe either of them just yet.” “Alright, stay safe honey.” They kissed, then Tyler headed downstairs. He undid Luca’s cuffs from the back and did it from the front instead.

@@“I’m only doing this so you don’t piss yourself and make me clean it up. Sam’s is the exception.” “Thanks.” Lucas nodded with relief. “One more thing, you hurt Sam or touch her inappropriately and your ass is done, understood?” The fugitive nodded once more, surprised at Tyler’s aggressiveness. Carla told him the man was a joker who was open minded, then again he was a murderer who showed up unannounced. What a mess. Eventually Carla and Tyler arrived after some hours. “So, you’re telling me this Oracle is part of some Orange Clan and they participate in murder and sex rituals? And they want us?” Tyler questioned. “Pretty much.” Carla summarized. “Well, that’s great. What are we going to do?” Sam also joined in. “We’re just going to have to follow through with it. He’s already shown us it means business, joining the Orange Clan as of right now is our safest option.” “Christ this sucks.” Tyler sighed. “Don’t worry, we still have an advantage. Carla’s our weapon, with her by our side the Oracle and the rest of the Orange Clan won’t be able to risk harming us.” Lucas assured.

@@“I suppose. When do we leave?” “Now’s a time as good as any. Everyone get packed up. Just to be clear, we’re all aware we’re most likely going to participate in public sex and urination. It’s humiliating and a lot to process, I know, but it’s for the best.” Carla announced. Everyone nodded, mustering the courage. Everyone got bundled up and packed their bags, then stepped outside. Right as they did so, they happened to run into Tiffany and two men accompanying her. One was old and almost homeless looking, the other was a black man who was late twenties, clean shaven, and athletic. “Guys, we need to go now, follow us!” Tiffany begged. “What, Tiffany what’s going on?” Lucas questioned. “No time to explain, young ones, just follow and do as I say or the Orange Clan will get us! You want to save Earth, right?” Carla and company looked at each other, and she nodded. The old man was their only lead. “Then go!” He led them into an abandoned subway station. Many were huddled, shivering by the lit fire. Lucas saw his older brother Markus and immediately ran to him with an embrace.

@@“Markus, thank God! I was so worried.” “Likewise. I’m sorry little brother. All this time I doubted you and you were right all along.” “Markus, don’t worry about it. You still helped me and that’s the important thing.” “Even so, I never really believed you. I’ve failed as a brother.” “Nonsense. Just promise to believe me more often and quit dragging yourself, then I’ll forgive you.” “So you’re Markus. I’ve heard so much about you. I’m Carla, Lucas’ um…lover.” the detective introduced herself. “It’s fine. I’m a priest but I don’t judge, you have my blessing. Especially after everything that’s happened. If anything, from what I heard you two actually need to engage in intercourse in order to save the world, what an awful mess.” Markus concluded. “Markus, shut up!” Lucas shot back, his ears burning. “Some brother you are.” “Finally finished our little reunion? I hate to interrupt but we have planet Earth to save.” the old man interrupted. “Sorry Bogart!” the priest called. He then turned to Lucas and Carla. “You two kids take care now. Don’t die on me.” “We won’t.” The couple joined Bogart, the old man, along with Sam and Tyler as well as Tiffany and the other man. He was currently cleaning his suppressed AK-9.

“Alright everyone. It’s a lot to unpack so I’m going to try to be as precise as possible. Please keep all questions to the end. Everyone clear?” The group nodded in understanding. “Good. This little group here is the Invisibles. We were established in the 80s, which was when the Orange Clan received a resurgence in activity. We’re not as knowledgeable or resourceful, although we did what we could. Thankfully we had a plant, Samuel Hugues take it from here. First explain your role and then tell them what they have to do.” Bogart explained as he gestured to the black man. “Hey everyone.” he nonchalantly waved, then went back to cleaning his rifle. The others waved back, surprised by his raspy, almost radio-like voice. He continued to speak, narrating his background

“As Bogart said, I was indoctrinated into the Orange Clan. They were originally gunning for my coworker Madison Paige. She’s a young and beautiful woman with a love of sex and urination, and she’s also killed in self defense so she’s no stranger to violence. All in all, Orange Clan thought she was a perfect candidate however I didn’t want her to deal with that nonsense. I managed to explain she would have no place within as she might have a strong body and will, however her mental state is unstable to effectively kill and she’s never had sex aside from masturbation and make out sessions since she’s never fell in love with anybody. My statement checked out and they promised to avoid her if I joined her stead, which I did. However I did research and eventually came across Bogart. That’s how I joined the Orange Clan and the Invisibles. Is everyone following?” The group nodded, wanting to know more, mostly due to wanting to save the world but also curiosity as well.

@@“Alright, so that’s my story. Now, everyone listen up. Especially you two, Carla and Lucas. You’re the key to all this. The Oracle has been hounding you two since Carla is the only suitable candidate that has proper Mayan heritage, and Lucas is her mate. Not only does that make her extremely valuable as a lover, warrior, and possible leader, but also increases the chances of the Indigo Child granting the Orange Clan godhood.” “That’s the thing though, how do we get the Indigo Child? We searched high and low on the internet, textbooks, museums, even our cognitive spaces yet we can’t find the Indigo Child.” Carla questioned. “Yeah, the only thing we know is that the Oracle wants us to meet at the Wishita Military Base, where me and Markus used to live. Apparently we’re supposed to perform some ritual involving sex in gynecological chairs and urinating in some fountain. Then the Mayan gods give us the Indigo Child or something like that.” Lucas continued. Sam Hugues and Bogart slowly looked at each other in confusion.

“You didn’t know?” “Know what?” Lucas questioned. Suddenly Carla gasped, holding her mouth in shock. “We don’t find the Indigo Child, we make it.” “Seriously? Are you sure honey?” Lucas questioned. “The Oracle said when couples want children they have sex in the chair and the mother gives birth in it. That’s what we’re supposed to, right?” she questioned with shaking hands. “Yes, all couples do it, however the Indigo Prophecy specifically states the Indigo child must have one or both parents with Orange Clan heritage, which you are.” “Jesus Christ, joining a murderous sex cult and participating in their rituals was challenge enough but I was going to do it, we all were. Making a child though? I’m not some baby factory, and we’re not ready to be parents!” the detective argued, feeling objectified and scandalized. ‘Just how much more bullshit do we have to go through? Fuck the Orange Clan!’ she internally fumed. Lucas hugged her, feeling sorry she was the center to all this.

@@“Who said anything about being parents? Just pop the kid out and give him or her to adoption.” Bogart joined in. “You’re not helping, old man.” Tyler ground out in annoyance. “Look, it’s either that or we all die.” “Not necessarily. Just having sex in the chair would do the trick.” Samuel suggested. “The lovemaking chair isn’t just for conceiving children, it’s also for clan members being initiated. Carla and Lucas just have to make love and urinate in the Chroma Artifact. The Mayan gods will accept it as an offering and lift the freeze. It will come back each winter but it will do the trick, regarding our safety. The couple doesn’t even have to be Lucas and Carla, Samantha and Tyler are also suitable candidates.” “How come we’re not?” Tiffany questioned. “I’m the only suitable member, the Oracle won’t accept you. Remember when he visited your cognitive space?” “Even so, I’m still coming. As a midwife I have to be somewhat helpful.” she argued back. “I have a new idea.” Carla interjected.

@@“We can kill the Oracle.” “That’s very risky Carla. We have good training but it’s nothing compared to the Oracle. We’ll also be facing the rest of the Orange Clan soldiers as well.” Sam countered. “That’s not what I’m suggesting. The professor told us virgins had to have sex somehwere else before doing it in the chair because if blood joined the offering of urine and sexual fluids, it would summon the serpent goddess Quetzalcoatl. She would kill whoever the summoners prayed for.” “That’s even more risky. Who’s to say Quetzalcoatl will even show up? Is anyone on their period?” Samantha and Tiffany raised their hands. “Shit, if it was Carla it would have definitely worked. Tiffany won’t even be allowed and Samantha’s sexual and warrior spirit is nowhere near strong enough to summon the serpent.” “There’s still a way.” Carla persisted. “Tyler fucks Sam, however once they’re finished we urinate with them. If we all piss in the Chroma Artifact, Samantha and Tyler’s urine and orgasm fluids, combined with her Tiffany’s period blood, as well as everyone’s urine will certainly be a strong enough offering.” “Yes, that could actually work. Are we all in agreement?” Everyone nodded. “Alright then, everybody relax and rest up, we’re going to need all the energy we can get.”

The three couples headed to separate train carriages. Lucas and Carla settled down, trying to sleep, however neither could. It wasn’t just the increasingly frigid climate, far from it. Just processing everything that had gone down for the past couple of weeks, and what was about to go down in some hours was more than enough to stir anybody awake. Carla was especially shooken up, however she knew she needed to pull through. This was her duty, sure it wasn’t in the job description but she was going to do it for the sake of the world and her loved ones. She just wasn’t sure how. An idea formed in her head. It wasn’t a particularly clever or solution solving idea but it was still helpful and certainly fun. She nudged her partner and turned to him, he did the same.

@@“Yeah Carla?” “You can’t sleep either, right? It’s just so confusing.” “I know dear. It’s just one huge fucking mess.” “It’s about to get messier. I changed my mind about the Indigo Child.” “So, you want us to-” “Yeah. We’re going to have it. Just because we kill the Oracle and the rest of the Orange Clan doesn’t change everything. It will buy us immediate safety but who’s to say the Mayan Gods won’t lash out themselves. I have to give birth so our baby can bring us salvation. I’m also going to take over the Orange Clan’s matriarch, reform it into something more pure for all of our sakes. Are you with me Lucas?” “It’s a lot to take in, but if you really think that’s what’s best then yes.” “I can’t believe it, we’re really doing this.” Carla grinned. The situation was far from over but with her mate by her side they would save everyone. “If you’re the matriarch that makes you a queen, and I’m your king. Only one thing is missing. Carla Valenti, will you marry me?” “Hell yes, Lucas Kane, I take you as my husband and king.” The two sealed the deal with a kiss, which grew deeper and deeper.

“I’m sorry there’s no ring.” “We’ll go shopping. In the meantime, let’s consummate our marriage.” Carla responded as she unbuttoned her black coat, dropping. “Are you sure?” Lucas questioned as he did the same. Soon both were in their underwear. “Yes Lucas. We’re going to fuck in front of everyone if it means appeasing the gods, but at least we can make love my way before so. I have to do this.” “I understand.” her husband agreed as they kissed once more, and he lifted her white tank top. “Look on the bright side, we get to have a practice session before the ritual.” “I’m one lucky man.” Lucas said out loud, which they both grinned at. Carla pulled down his jockey shorts and let him do the same to her tanga panties as she gently pushed him onto the bed. He lay down and she joined until she was lying perfectly on top of him. She teased by positioning his dick between her ass cheeks, then gently moved her hips up and down so they were caressing and stroking without actual penetration.

@@“Oh god, don’t tease me like this Carla.” “Sorry Mr. Kane, but this is the queen’s game. We don’t have time for real foreplay, but this is good enough. As your queen I command you to do as I say. Suckle my breasts.” she ordered as she leaned so her heaving breasts were within her lover’s reach. Lucas did as told, licking at Carla’s already hardened nipples until they became glass cutters, the dusky peaks erect with pleasure. “Harder, harder. Bite them Lucas.” Once again he followed his queen’s order, biting at the rough areolas and nipples which caused Carla to gasp in pleasure. She leaned down and they kissed once more, locking lips and tongues. “You did very well, and good soldiers who follow orders get rewarded. Are you ready?” “Yes Carla, my love.” “I love you, Lucas.” she replied breathlessly. She repeated it twice, using her mother’s Brazilian and her father’s Italian. “Eu te amo. Ti amo.” They both sat up, and she aligned herself with Lucas’ hard on. She teasingly rubbed the head with her labia, then sat straight down and impaled herself on his cock. Both vocalized their pleasure, Carla screaming and Lucas groaning. When they settled, she carefully gyrated her hips and Lucas thrusted upwards. They continued their slow tempo of lovemaking, feeling more than satisfied as Carla alternated between kissing Lucas and having him bite and suckle her cleavage. He gently caressed her ass and she rocked with extra vigor.

From Lucas’ perspective, they fit like puzzle pieces. Carla’s cunt wasn’t naturally as tight as Tiffany, however it had a stronger grasp as his woman knew how to properly clasp her walls in a rhythmic fashion that squeezed the head of his dick. It was also much stronger and allowed Lucas some breathing room as he could fuck without worrying about causing his wife discomfort or pain, something Tiffany had trouble with. On Carla’s end, Lucas was the longest she ever had. The girth was thinner than most guys, however she mostly slept with roided gym dudes who’s dicks didn’t quite hit her in the right spot and were too thick to properly enjoy. Lucas’ cock felt just right, as the thickness was both pleasurable and comforting, and his length had no trouble nailing her cervix, the head rubbing against the g spot. Soon they were both reaching their limit.

“Alright Lucas, this is it. I’m gonna come, it’s gonna be a wet one. How do you want to do this?” “Squirt and piss in my mouth.” “Okay honey, I can do that. You’ve been a good soldier for your queen. Come for me first, come for me baby.” the detective gasped as she began to increase her speed. “I’m coming, I’m coming!” Lucas yelled, and Carla could feel it, his hot semen shooting up her cunt and spreading throughout her womb. The combination of feeling his jizz warming her up and his twitching dick triggered her own orgasm and she withdrew and quickly sat on Lucas’ face with a screech of ecstasy. First a torrent of ejacluatory fluid filled Lucas’ mouth and he greedily slurped his wife’s orgasmic fluid, savoring the sweet love water, which was followed by slightly salty urine. Both were delicious, at least to Lucas. His wife sure knew how to treat her body, which brought pleasure to his own. “Thank you Lucas.” Carla expressed gratitude as she lay back on Lucas.

“Don’t, I enjoyed it too.” “I’m glad, but that’s not what I’m talking about. Thanks for letting me make love to you like a real woman should. I’m no dominatrix but I’ve always wanted to be in charge. Not many guys do that.” “Of course honey, anything for you.” “Especially now that we have to perform in front of the Orange Clan, like some objectified sex toy.” “You’re not a sex toy Carla. You’re a badass detective with Amazonian heritage. More importantly, you’re gonna be the queen of those chumps.” “Yeah, we’re gonna show them how it’s done. Like I said, I prefer being in charge and on top. But when we make our baby in front of a live audience, you better do your damndest to fuck me hard.” “Of course your Majesty, King Kane at your service.” Lucas replied as he jokingly kissed her hand. The newlyweds giggled and she kissed him hard for real, then they both went to sleep.

A couple of hours later, everyone was well rested and began preparing for the battle of New York City. Lucas sharpened his knives and handed one to Samantha, while Carla and Tyler cleaned and reassembled their Beretta 92fs pistols. Sam Hugues gave the detectives their own Ak-9s along with spare magazines which they accepted gracefully. Carla sniffed the gunpowder, feeling her tanga panties slightly dampen as sticky arousal fluid coated them. Her service pistol was a fine weapon of its own, but a personally gifted AK all to herself, complete with a scope and suppressor? Handling such a powerful weapon brought out the sexual warrior within and Lucas felt his cock grow once catching sight of his woman as she gleefully inspected her new instrument of death. The two were a match made in Mayan heaven. He teasingly marched up to her and they both grinned wolfishly at each other.

@@“You look at that gun like it’s a dildo.” “If I didn’t know any better about live firearms, I would stick the gun barrel straight up my cunt and fuck it.” Carla bluntly replied. “Thankfully I have something, or rather someone who would do a better job and only hurt me if I asked for it.” The two kissed once more for good luck, while the other two couples did the same, and they all marched into the snowmobile. During the ride they briefly went over the plan once more before staying silent the entire ride. Once arriving at the base, everyone got their equipment ready, those with guns holding them out. Sam put on his gas mask to go back to his role as an Orange Clan soldier, taking Carla with him through the back entrance while everyone else went out through the front. Lucas opened the door, astonished that they were indeed in Wishita military base. It was where he grew up and he was finally back home so to speak. It was certainly more run down than imagined, aside from of course the magically enhanced and technologically designed gynecological chair and fountain. Everyone else also came to the realization that this was where they were in their cognitive areas. This was what caused them to wet the bed, and what they would have sex in, concieve with, give birth in.

@@“Lucas Kane, you really didn’t heed my warnings.” the Oracle growled. He stepped out of the shadows, followed by his men. Among them was Sam, and Carla was observing everything from above, perched on a ceiling beam. She looked through the scope, ready to pull the trigger if required to do so. Earlier when she had entered the building she had stripped to her underwear for easy urination, leaving her clothes in a pile by the door. “Relax Oracle, that’s not why Tiffany’s here. Me and Carla just recently consummated, all that’s missing is an engagement ring. I’d say the wedding ceremony as well, but now that I think about it we’re actually going to do that here.” Lucas explained as he took off his coat, everyone following suit. “Then what business does that filthy slut have with us? More importantly, where is Carla?” “I’m simply here to do my duty as a midwife. Lucas and Carla have decided to conceive after all, and I’m going to help her give birth.” Tiffany calmly explained, although she felt anything but. Everyone had drank coffee out of their thermoses during the drive for their plan, and she was doing everything in her power not to wet herself in fear.

@@“Carla doesn’t need your help, the Chroma Artifact will ensure she will be impregnated and give birth with no complications.” “Even so, as someone of the medical profession I am quite curious. Explain how the process works.” the midwife questioned as she pulled out a notepad and pencil. “The gynecological chair is magically enhanced by our lords so it is always sterile. That’s why infection will never be a risk despite all the sex, urine, and deliveries. It is also a wonder of technology as well, being able to monitor both the woman and the man’s vital signs without requiring any cables. As for the birth itself it must be natural. This means the woman must be naked to avoid any barriers blocking access, and restrained to prevent movement during painful contractions.” “Why not just do an epidural?” “As wonderful as modern medicine is, it violates the process. The Mayan gods will be displeased and the child born won’t be an Indigo Child, thus it won’t bless us.” Tiffany felt repulsed by the logic but it wasn’t much different to what she was used to as a midwife. She wrote everything down and nodded.

@@“Alright, so where’s Carla?” “She’ll be here, she’s gotta prep herself, Orc man.” Tyler responded. “Me and Samantha are going first.” “Yeah, if we do this we’ll be reversing the global freeze for a year, right?” Sam questioned. “Yes, if you do it right.” “No problem.” Tyler challenged as the two got undressed. The group awed as they admired the naked couple while the couple drank the diuretic spring water, Tyler’s dark muscular build and Sam’s lithe frame. The two shared a deep kiss, then Tyler carefully laid his fiance on the chair, strapping her wrists to the arm rests and her ankles to the stirrups. He playfully petted her thick black bush, lightly tapped her clit with the head of his dick, then thrust his dickck right into her pussy. “FUCK! FUCK ME TYLER!” the waif shrieked. “YES SAM, OH YES!” Tyler moaned right back as he continued to thrust into her, ramming his cock in her cunt vigorously. “What the, it’s like they’re in porn!” Tiffany exclaimed, taken back. She was never this loud during sex with either Lucas or Samuel. “The Chroma Artifact is enhancing their sexual hormones and pleasure.” the Oracle responded. “Their time will be short, however the results they yield will be plentiful.” As if on cue, only minutes later Tyler shot his load right up her twat. His twitching dick tickled her cervix and his hot semen circulated her womb. He withdrew his dick and Samantha shrieked as she vigorously squirted into the fountain. Right after, her belly started to swell and deflate until it resembled a baby bump.

@@“What the-what’s going on?” Sam questioned. “My bladder, it won’t go! You said we have to pee into the fountain!” “Yes but only until your bladder’s are expanded to their maximum potential.” ‘Shit, Sam’s bladder is pretty small, her bladder bulge is about to reach its peak in seconds. It’s now or never!’ Carla internally panicked as she shot the Oracle. On cue Samuel did too. Once they ran out of ammo Lucas ran up to the Oracle and stabbed him repeatedly. The rest of the Orange Clan were confused, was this supposed to happen? Samuel was in on it, and they had received orders not to touch Carla. Besides, they were more focused on the ritual, it was important not to mention much more interesting. To their surprise and pleasure, Tiffany had hurriedly yanked her jeans and panties off and ran to the fountain, and once the Oracle had been dealt with, so did Lucas, Carla, and Samuel. First Samantha and Tyler voided their bladders, and so did everyone else once they were done. They all mentally whispered the same prayer: “Quetzalcoatl, kiinsik le Oraculo” (Kill the Oracle). The subject of their prayer meanwhile sat up and began laughing with his deep voice.

“I don’t know what you were trying to do, but it ends here. Did you really think you could stop me with that pitiful attempt?” “Jokes on you Orc Man, that was just the distraction, look who’s on our side.” Tyler shot back as he shook his dick dry. The Oracle sneered, then realized with horror that blood was in the liquid concoction. On cue, the spirit of a giant, serpentine dragon appeared and bit the Oracle, dragging him to the heavens. He was never to be seen from again. “What the hell do we do now?” one random Orange Clan soldier questioned. “Carla’s the new leader. She’ll tell us what to do.” his wife replied. Evidently men and women were underneath the gas masks and armor. “Carla’s got an announcement for everyone. Pay attention.” Samuel ordered. It was kind of bizarre that our heroes were getting ready to deliver a speech while still naked from the waist down but the soldiers were used to much more nudity so they rolled with it. Carla cleared her throat.

@@“Everyone, as you know I am the only descendant of Orange Clan heritage. At first I didn’t care, as a matter of fact I was going to have Quetzalcoatl kill all of you as well. However I changed my mind, while I don’t consider it evil, I still did not want to cause so much death without searching for a better solution, which I came up with.” “Thank you master.” they all murmured. “That being said, it’s not complete mercy. As your new queen and matriarch, some changes are going to be made around here, is that understood?” “Yes, your highness.” “Very well. Keep in mind these terms cannot be negotiated with. First off, no more murder. We will only kill in self defense or for animal meat. Secondly, we will not invade anyone’s cognitive area. As of right now I’m the only one who has that potential but the point still stands. Third of all, we will still be recruiting members, however they can only join if they want to, and we will thoroughly explain what they’re getting into. You break these vows, you face imprisonment or death. Any questions?” One soldier raised his hand. “Yes, you in the back.”

“What about our other ways of life?” “Meaning?” “Our sex rituals. Are they done for as well?” Carla smirked. “As long as it’s consensual, as well as everyone who participates or witnesses is of age ’ll have no issues. As a matter of fact, as your king and queen we believe it’s only right to engage in one right now. We did promise you an Indigo Child after all. You want to see your queen get fucked and pissing herself?” Everyone in the room cheered as Carla lifted her tank top and Lucas removed his scarlet henley. They both drank from the flask, feeling the aphrodisiacs and diuretics coursing through their bodies, mainly their bladders and genitals. Carla sat down in the chair, foregoing the straps while Lucas aligned himself properly, gently slapping the head of his dick on her clit, admiring her fat brown cunt lips. When they were both ready, Lucas leaned back, then thrust as hard as he could, shoving his cock until it was buried within her walls.

@@“OH YES LUCAS! FUCK ME! FUCK ME UNTIL I COME SO HARD MY PUSSY IS DRAINED!” Carla howled in pleasure. “I WILL! I LOVE FUCKING YOU!” Lucas howled back. Her vagina and vulva were sore but were certainly receiving maximum pleasure, whereas a lesser woman would have given up due to the agony. Carla felt none of that, just raw sexual prowess as her man mercilessly pounded into her. She sat up a little and gyrated her hips to match his thrusts and the room was filled with nothing but the sounds of their moans, as well as Carla’s heaving breasts flopping up and down. After some more vigorous and animalistic fucking, Lucas performed one final thrust, emptying the jizz from his ballsack and into her womb. He withdrew and Carka shrieked as she squirted a waterfall which splashed all over the fountain. Soon her belly also began to swell and deflate until she resembled a heavily pregnant woman. Tears clouded her eyes as her bladder stretched beyond its limits and soon Carla shrieked in delight once more as she pissed all over the fountain, Lucas soon followed. The crowd roared, having never seen another performance quite like it, and the two leaned for a kiss, then proceeded to go for another round.

Act 4: Epilogue, Impregnation and Urination

Nine Months Later

@@“Yes, YES!” Sam cried as Tyler pounded into her while they lay in their private bed chambers. As usual, Samantha was lying down with her wrist tied to the bed rest which she gripped as Tyler fucked her missionary style. However, she was sporting a baby bump, from way back when the new Orange Clan had moved to their native jungle in the cognitive world. By then Samantha’s anti pregnancy injection had worn off and they decided to start their family. Unlike Carla and Lucas who had permanently joined the Orange Clan, they only visited every now and then to either foresee important events or to give their friends a visit. Currently it was the former, Samantha, and Carla were due their children any time soon. Eventually they finished their lovemaking and lay down in post coitus relaxation. “Thanks Tyler, you’re the best.” “You too Sam. Man, this is so strange.” “What, having the best sex?” “Sort of. No offense to the Clan, but I hope our son never has to find out how he was made. The talk is awkward enough, imagine explaining we’re part time members of a Mayan sex clan.”

“I understand too. Still, I’ll take sex clan that defends Earth over murder sex clan trying to invade Earth. How does she do it?” “Carla’s got a lot on her plate for sure, but she’s a natural leader. Not to mention, she has Lucas by her side. They did a real good thing with the Orange Clan.” “That was sweet babe, but I meant how does she drag her belly around? We’re both nine months pregnant yet I got off lucky with this manageable baby bulge, yet Carla’s huge. More importantly, she doesn’t even look fat! She’s bigger for sure, without a doubt, but she’s still hot!” “Sounds like someone’s paying attention.” Tyler teased. “Like you haven’t, the woman insists on wearing flimsy robes or going bare ass naked.” True to Samantha’s word, once Carla was visibly pregnant she either wore a linen robe without tying, or just walked in the nude. Speaking of, Lucas and Carla were preparing their own session.

@@“I’m here love.” Carla called out. Lucas turned back. He had been sitting by the river for a while now, admiring the fertile vegetation until his heavily pregnant wife arrived. She shrugged off her robe, revealing her naked body and giving Lucas his desired hard on. As Samantha described, the matriarch had a large swollen belly, yet she carried herself with grace and was as beautiful as ever. She got on her hands and knees, and her husband entered her doggy style. “Yes Lucas, more, MORE!” He thrust even harder at her command, spanking her beautiful ass. Then he carefully helped her lie in missionary position and he resumed thrusting. “Je’el, JE’EL! Yaan u mierda, TI’ LE MIERDA IN CONO!” (Yucatec Mayan for “Yes, YES! Fuck me, FUCK MY PUSSY!”) Soon they both howled in ecstasy as they orgasmed. Lucas withdrew first, pissing all over Carla’s breasts and pregnant belly, then on the ground to water the vegetation. She stood up and walked over to the river, then sighed and relaxed her bladder until piss came pouring out. If pregnancy had one upside, it was increased urination. However, something even more exciting happened. Right after Carla finished voiding her bladder, more liquid came gushing out and she couldn’t even stop it if she wanted, which she most certainly didn’t. Her water had broken. The couple looked at each other in excitement.

“Lucas, go get Tiffany! I’ll gather everyone in the main temple. Don’t rush or panic, we’ve discussed this. I’m going to be fine, and so is our daughter.” Lucas dutifully nodded and ran back to the village. Meanwhile Carla smiled to herself as she washed in the river and patted her belly. “Sorry Jade. Mama and Papa wouldn’t have been so dirty if we knew you were arriving. Thank you for changing my life, even though it certainly turned upside down. I wouldn’t have it any other way.” And that’s how Jade the Indigo Child was born. Of course she wouldn’t know that since Lucas and Carla were adamant their daughter not find out her parents were hormonal hellbeasts.

Ending Note: Holy shit it’s finally done. It took way longer than expected but it’s here. So, I guess anyone who reads this probably has questions. I probably don’t have all the answers but leave your comments if you want and I’ll address them as best as I can.

