Short Story - Rapid Desperation

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2023-08-06 11:05

My 9th writing, was sitting on this story's idea for a few weeks now. Hope you enjoy!

_______

Mali [F] - 20+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

Yuta [M] - 20+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; loves to help in decision-making.

_______

Yuta and Mali have always had fun with omo. No matter what they do, or what happens, how it happens, they love seeing each other pee in unsuspecting scenarios. Yuta recently learned what it was like to be on the receiving end of desperation in a holding contest, and found it scary but thrilling. Since then, Mali did further research on omo things she could do, and brewed up an exciting plan.

She'd picked out a day they both had off, and put together a starter list of rapid desperation ideas for Yuta to give her, (how organized).

"So by doing all this you can weaken your own bladder?" Yuta asked, both of them sitting on their bed.

"Yep! This makes it so the need to go comes more often and I'm left unharmed!" Mali says. She smirks. "Wanna try it out?" She leans over onto him sensually and murmurs "...you can be in control."

"Sure. I like the sound of that." he snickers.

.....

"Alright, here's how this is going to work. Starting now, you'll drink a full 12 oz/350 mL glass of water, and do so again at the start of each hour. You'll do this three times, and over the three hours, go to the bathroom twice, once at the 1hr 30min mark and again at 3 hrs. After that, you'll drink 8 oz/235 mL every 30 minutes for 2 hours, and can again go twice, once per hour. Last, at the end of your preparation, you must drink 6 oz/175 mL every 15 minutes thereafter. We'll see how long you last from there."

"Whoa, these numbers make it sound like a workout routine!" Mali glowed.

"I'll add in some challenges here and there to make things more difficult. Any questions?"

Mali thought the implications of 'we'll see how long you last' was a bit ominous, but decided not to ask about it. She did have something for him though.

"What's the towel for?" Yuta had set aside a towel in the corner of their small living room.

"Emergency usage."

Another ominous remark!

She proceeded with her tasks, knowing the road up ahead would be bumpy and would want to make her leak!

It's 10 AM, Mali used the bathroom and started with her first drink. She was wearing a dark gray tank top, a white denim skirt, and pink underwear. To kill time, she and Yuta laid in their bedroom and started a show called Breaking Not-So-Bad. It was about marijuana dealer trying to get business in U.S. states where cannabis wasn't legal yet. Lots of their friends said it was really good.

An hour passes, and she starts her second drink. She hardly feels anything at this point, so engrossed in the show to not think about bathroom use at all. Soon at 11:30 she's obligated to empty her tank, even if it's mostly empty to begin with.

Noon arrives and she starts on her third glass. Apart from the show, she notices a little creep on her bladder, but more pressingly just how much water she drank so far. She wasn't used to this much fluid in her stomach and was doing her best to ease into it. Throughout the hour, her urges steadily crept from mild, to moderate, to suddenly uncomfortable by ten minutes from her next bathroom break. She shifted herself impatiently over this time, catching the eye of her BF.

"Already starting to feel it?"

"Eh, not really. Just...waiting for my next break." Mali responded.

"So you're feeling it."

"Fine. I guess." She didn't want to admit it.

1:00 PM shows up and Mali is semi-relieved this time, as opposed to last. As she leaves the bathroom into the kitchen, Yuta stops her.

"We're entering phase 2, so it's time for some new conditions. 1. Every third drink now has to be tea. 2. If you leak into any piece of your clothes, you have to take that piece off."

"Wow, such a subtle way to get me nude you perv," she said snarkily. But she gladly accepted.

As the hour further nears 1:30, Mali realizes the level of intensity she unwittingly signed up for. She was already nearing the same desperation she felt before her last bathroom trip, and she still had a half hour and 8 oz/235 mL of water to get through!

2:00 approaches, and Mali is squirming at the bed, full of hydration and pee. She feels that a leak may be coming if she doesn't get relief soon. Her arms placed off to her sides, giving her lower torso breathing space, and pushing down on the cushions as a resistance effort.

"You can do it," says Yuta.

"Shut it, I'm fine. Just don't know how long I can stay dry..."

She walks off to the bathroom, taking her time as she goes. She makes it in, throws down her skirt, and lets go with a satisfied sigh. Mali made it. She wraps up, stands up, and goes to pull everything back up, when she sees in horror, a faint, spread wet spot on her panties. How did I not notice it? she wonders. The only reasonable explanation is that some slipped out of her completely unaware some time ago, given how it wasn't exactly wet but widened quite a bit. So my bladder is weakening that much? She was in for a storm.

With her skirt on, she walks back to the bedroom and sets her damp underwear beside Yuta on the floor.

"One down," he smirks. "Oh, and when you grab your next water, it would be a big help if you could water the plants in the back. There's been no rain lately. You think you could do that?"

Mali gets jittery. Leaning over, working with water, and you want me outside?? "Y-yes sir," she agrees reluctantly, excited, nervous, and crazed all at once. She downs her glass fast so it doesn't concern her during work. She doesn't know that she made her own fatal error; her bladder already was filling back up.

The couple's backyard was secluded, but not private. They lived in a suburban area, and had tall, 6ft/2m wooden fence posts lining the yard. However, some neighboring houses have windows high enough to overlook those posts. Despite this, Mali knew there would be no one able to see into their yard that day - all their neighbors were out working. Despite that though, being outside didn't make her situation and less innately fear-inducing.

Her bladder was filling moderately quick now, her kidneys working at a faster pace. Even so, her bladder muscles had already been tampered with several times today, and have taken quite a beating. No matter how hard she tried, she would need a miracle to pass this trial.

First was filling the watering can. Just bending over to fill it from a spout was a risk. She filled it, all while clouding her mind to distract herself from the noise. While that was bad, watering the plants was worse.

*pshhbshbshbsh*

It literally sounds like someone peeing!! She yelled internally.

She had this plus a small breeze every now and then reminding her of her risqué clothing situation.

Mali plunged along, fighting through rising urges and influential environmental stimuli. By 2:30, her legs were crossed, only having a few more plants to water. Each trip to the spout was painful and she was reaching yet again her no-leak limit. She knew she hadn't yet, she would feel this one if it happened. She was so focused that she hardly noticed Yuta walking over to her with a glass of iced tea. She saw him, broke concentration, and...

*dripdripdrip fssshhht*

"ah damnit.....fuck," she sighed. She looked down. The grass below her sparkled, and the backside of her skirt grew a darker shade of white before Yuta could say anything.

"It was only for 2 seconds, but that definitely counts," he said.

"Damn. No one was looking right?" She said as she put her knees together, looking beyond the fence.

"No one but me."

"Thank god. At least I don't have to water anymore."

Yuta looked at her with a puzzled, suggestive expression.

"No. Seriously? You want me to....No. No way, with no skirt on?! Nothing at all?!?"

He nodded confidently.

"Cmon! With only a few plants left! Jeez!" Mali scoffed. Being outside nearly pissing herself was stressful enough, and now Yuta wanted her to do it bottomless?! He was insane!

Unfortunately for her, she was not willing to back down from a challenge, no matter the ludicrousy. So she took it. She took one good look around her surroundings, clear. Her heart began to beat rapidly. She took a few mandatory sips of iced tea, and in one fluid motion, dropped her skirt.

*pssh*

"Mmm!" she froze, took a few seconds, recuperated, and stood back up to finish what she started.

She could feel her bladder filling by the drop at this point. Even with haste she barely could stand straight, the pressure on her muscles was so great. She watered away, and finally approached the last plant, bottom half exposed to the elements.

Yuta spoke up. "It's 2:37 now and it doesn't seem like you'll make it to 3:00. I'll allow you to "water" this last plant yourself, but only for 8 seconds."

Mali's eyes widened and wasted no time frantically crouching down over the plant and letting loose.

"8,"

*fshhhh-*

"7, 6,"

*FSHHHHHHHHHHH*

"5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Stop!"

*SHHHHhhhhhmm...*

Mali let out a heavy sigh. It took everything she had in her to stop that stream on time. She was honestly amazed she did it in the first place. Everything near her bladder tightened up quick, and although it helped a lot, it felt like very temporary relief, as Mali would correctly guess. If her bladder was originally at 95% capacity, it felt like it only reduced to 80%. She hurried inside, out of sight of any hidden public eye. She downed the rest of her tea, not sure if she could drink anything more, and continued her journey once more.

Mali arrived at 3:00 PM, and faithfully hurried to the restroom and let out her last allotted tank before 'seeing how long she would last thereafter.' It surprised her when she made sure she let everything out and it wasn't her biggest emptying. Her bladder had simply become that feeble.

The couple moved on from Breaking Not-So-Bad to a single-player video game that they passed back and forth. Mali was now drinking almost a full cup of water every 15 minutes, and her stakes were extremely high. Mali remembers a scene very similar to this way back when she was testing the limits of her bladder under normal circumstances. She was playing games, no bottom, achieving high desperation, now with another person in the room. She explained this to her BF.

"Oh is that right? Speaking of, how are you doing now?" he questioned smugly.

"Oh, not too great," she said, squirming, sweating, and showing general signs of discomfort.

"It's 3:14, almost time for another round."

"Holy shit can I even drink anything anymore?" she noted, somewhat jokingly. Her stomach area had expanded out noticeably, the pressure of both bladder and stomach compounding on each other.

Some time passes and Mali can no longer drink. Yuta is currently finishing a level at 3:47 and Mali paces squeamishly around the room. She has the ability to hold out, so she'll try her best to hold out. Pee slowly dribbles down her leg as she watches him clear the stage and enter her final turn.

She kneels down to the controller. *pst* half a second It's a short level. She trembles with the controller, steadying her progress toward the end. *Fmmm* 2 seconds A small area on the carpet was densely soaked.

Keep going, she thought. It was all she thought.

"You got this," Yuta encouraged.

She reached the goal. Her expression remained unchanged. *twitch* *ps* a few drops She stood up, pee and sweat beading and trickling down the backside of her legs.

"You've done great. I gotta use the bathroom now, hold just one second," Yuta scurried away.

"NO!" she uttered desperately. She shoved her hands through her tank to her crotch.

*Fsshh* *pssh*

There was no stopping it now. Very slowly as to wait out Yuta's literal gatekeeping pee leaked through Mali's tank top, her legs glued together, shaking as they try and seal the dam shut the best they can. She barely had time left before her muscles failed. She heard Yuta taking a piss when she remembered something vital. In a final ditch effort, Mali hurries over to the towel on the floor.

She takes it and folds it as much as she can, all while golden drops land rapidly at low pressure on the carpeted floor. She moves the towel between her legs, and continues for seconds more to hold off the floodgates. Then...

*fmmMMMMMMMM-*

Everything spills into the towel. As one part soaks, Mali rearranges it to soak a dry part. The toilet flushes from inside the bathroom. Mali makes her way over to the door, still trying to keep her balancing act up as the towel grows heavier by the second. The sink starts. Pee continues flowing. The sink stops. Finally as the towel reaches max capacity, Yuta opens the door and both individuals fly by each other. The towel drips as Mali stumbles into the bathroom and on the toilet.

*HISSSSSSS-* *FLAP*

She rests on the toilet and throws the dripping towel into the shower. Her stream roars into the bowl, the door still open, Yuta watching subtly. She lets out several exhausting breaths before her stream diminishes into a trickle, and last to nothing.

"You did a good job," he says.

Mali grabs the towel and looks up. "I could really throw this at you right now and not feel sorry."

_______

Thank you for reading! Hope you enjoyed this as much as I did writing it. Apologies for any errors I may have missed. If you liked it and want more, check my profile for 8 more stories similar to this. Also, if you want to see these two act in a different situation, lmk what that is and maybe I'll turn it into a piece one day. Thanks again!

$

*002*2023-08-08 13:30

Love these ideas, and love that picture set! I’ll consider it……

