Desperate to Escape (Marina - Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-09-12 16:19

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

Also,this story takes place after Splatoon 1's final boss.

A young octoling with brown and green tentacles was walking in the sewers. This Octoling was called Marina. She was part of the Octarian Army...Or atleast,she used to be.

During the showdown between the leader of the Octarians and an inkling known as agent 3,her ears were exposed to a song known as the Calamari Inkantation. This song changed her life and gave her the motivation to leave the army. Her goal was to make it to Inkopolis and be part of their society.

2 days have passed since she left her base. She took a look at her map and by the looks of it,she was very close to Inkopolis. She put her map in her backpack and continued walking until she reached some stairs that led to a sewer exit. Marina climbed these stairs and exited a manhole. Suddenly,she felt a twinge in the lower half of her body. For the past two days,she would camp whenever the sun set and resume her journey on the next few days. She did manage to come across a few portable toilets on her way. Marina looked around but there weren't any toilets in sight. But....there wasn't anyone around either.

Marina took one more look around to make sure the coast was clear. She then dropped her backpack and placed a hand on her shorts. But right before she could pull them down,she heard the sound of ink spattering. Marina quickly grabbed her backpack and ran towards a nearby boulder. She then pulled out her Octoshot and created a puddle of teal ink. She transformed into her octopus form and hid in the puddle she created.

A few seconds later,two Octolings approached the boulder. They aimed their Octoshots around.

"Hmm...Doesn't look like there are any inklings around..." One Octoling said as she lowered her weapon. Marina stayed in the puddle and waited for the two Octolings to leave. However while in the puddle, she felt a stronger wave of pressure going through her body.

"Uh....Hey,can you stay on the look out for a minute? I uhh....have to...deplete my ink tank..." the other Octoling said. The Octoling then approached the boulder and dropped her weapon. She then pulled down her shorts and popped a squat in front of the boulder while her friend looked around.The Octoling relaxed and let loose a stream of pee,creating a magenta colored puddle near the boulder.

"Ahh....I've been holding it all morning..." The Octoling said with a relieved expression on her face.

"By the way....Did hear about what happened to Marina?" The Octoling on the look out said.

"She went missing recently,right?" The other Octoling said as her stream was still going.

"Yeah....Where do you think she is?" The look out Octoling asked.

"I dunno. I saw her a few days ago and she looked very surprised. I asked what happened,but she only answered with "This changes everything"....." The peeing Octoling said.

"Do you think the performance with Octavio had anything to do with it?"

The two Octolings continued to chat while Marina remained hidden in her puddle. Hiding in the puddle was torture for her. Not only did she have to hide there while listening to someone else relieve themselves,but the pressure she felt nearly doubled while she was in her ink. This caused her to accidentally let out a moan. The Octoling in front of the building heard the noise and her stream immediately stopped.

"Did you hear that?" The Octoling asked as she frantically looked around. The look out Octoling looked at the boulder in front of her friend. She slowly approached the boulder while the other Octoling pulled her shorts back up.

"Is anyone there?" The Octoling asked her friend.

"There's some teal ink behind this boulder..." the other Octoling said.

She slowly approached the puddle and took a good look at it. She then fired some ink at the puddle. Suddenly,the puddle started glowing and-

*SPLASH*

And ink mine went off,causing the Octoling to fall down.

"Wah?! Jade! Are you okay?!" The other Octoling yelled as she ran up to her friend. While the two were distracted,Marina super jumped out of her puddle. This didn't go unnoticed by the other Octoling however.

"Was that....."

A few seconds later,Marina landed on the ground. And she was back in her humanoid form.

"Ahh!" Marina let out as she quickly placed her hands between her legs. Now that she was back in her humanoid form,the pressure was a bit weaker.....but only a little bit. Marina transformed into her octopus form and then quickly returned to her humanoid form with both hands between her legs. As she suspected,holding in pee seemed more difficult when in squid form. She took a look at her map while her legs rubbed together. She was close to Mt.Nantai right now. She put away her map and continued walking while staying on the look out for any other Octarians.

After 5 minutes of walking,she arrived at the entrance to Mt. Nantai. Unfortunately,a bunch of Octotroopers were patrolling the entrance. Marina pulled out a Splat Bomb and tossed it towards the Octotroopers. The troopers saw this and quickly moved out of the way. But they weren't fast enough to avoid getting caught in the explosion of teal ink.

Marina walked across the entrance to the mountain and started following the path up ahead.

30 minutes passed and Marina made it to a cave. By this point,Marina's bladder was very full.

The only reason she didn't stop to relieve herself was because she was afraid of getting caught by other Octarians.

Suddenly,A loud scream echoed through the cave in front of her. The sudden noise caught her by surprise and caused her to let out a spurt. She quickly crossed her legs and placed her hands between them in an attempt to stop her bladder from leaking some more.

"What the devilfish was that?" Marina asked as she slowly approached the entrance to the cave. Marina steadily walked through the cave with both hands between her legs. She was considering peeing right there on the spot,but she was to scared to do that with...whatever made that noise...being nearby...

As she was distracted by her bladder,someone bumped into her. Both of them fell down and landed on their butts. The impact caused Marina to leak again.

"Ahhh!" Marina moaned as she crossed her legs. She slowly opened her eyes and her stomach dropped when she saw another Octoling standing in front of her.

"Oh...Sorry...I was running because i heard a loud no-" The Octoling paused and looked at Marina. The two just silently stared at each other for a few seconds until the Octoling broke the silence by yelling.....

"MARINA?!"

Marina quickly got up and ran away from the Octoling.

"Hey! Wait!" The Octoling said. She then gave chase. Marina was frantically rummaging through her backpack to grab her Octoshot.

She then hid behind a boulder and caught her breath. Her breathing quickly turned into moaning,as her bladder was begging for relief. She placed her free hand between her legs and started bouncing up and down.

"Marina! We know you're there!" A voice yelled. Marina peeked over the ledge to see 3 Octolings standing there.

"You have nowhere to run! Surrender now or we'll splat you!" The leader said as she slowly approached the boulder. Marina started panicking and frantically looked around until she remembered something. She had a special can saved in case of an emergency. She rummaged through her bag again while the Octoling leader continued to walk.

"So? What's it going to be?" The Octoling yelled. She didn't get a response.

Suddenly,a light appeared behind the boulder. The leader groaned and sped up Her walking. She then aimed her Octoshot at Marina.

"Don't mo......ve...." The Octoling said as she dropped her weapon in shock. There was a giant Kraken standing in front of her right now.

The leader tried to run away,but the kraken grabbed her and slammed her into the ground. Her body exploded upon making contact with the ground.

The kraken then came out from behind the boulder and looked at the two other Octolings. The two had looks of horror on their faces.

"RUN!!!" One Octoling said. The two transformed into Octopusses and swam away in their ink. The kraken gave chase and quickly caught up to the two Octolings. The kraken then grabbed them and slammed them into the ground too. Like their leader,their body exploded upon impact.

The kraken was then engulfed in light. Once the light disappeared,it reverted back into Marina.

"Ahh......ARGH!!!" Marina crossed her legs and placed her hands between them. While she was in her kraken form,the pressure from her bladder completely disappeared. But now that she was back in her humanoid form,the pressure hit her like a truck.

Marina started waddling towards one of the nearby boulders. She dropped her bag and quickly yanked down her shorts. A few drops of pee escape before she could completely pull them down. She popped a a squat and immediately let out a strong stream of pee.

"Ahhh!...Ahh......" Marina moaned as all the urine she's been holding finally escaped from her bladder. Her eyes slowly shut and her mouth hung open as all her pressure was replaced by relief.

Her stream splattered against the floor and created a puddle of teal pee that slowly got bigger and bigger. After what felt like a minute,her stream weakened. And then it completely stopped,save for a few drops.

Marina got up and pulled her shorts back up. She shivered because of the wet patch on her shorts. Thankfully,the color of her shorts and the material of it made it impossible for anyone to see it.

Marina let out a sigh. She felt more relaxed now. And because of that,she was caught of guard when she heard another scream. The exact same one fron earlier.

Marina grabbed her Octoshot and slowly approached the source of the noise. However,her eyes widened when she saw who Was making the noise.

It wasn't a machine or another kraken....it was a little inkling girl with white and pink tentacles and a crown on her head.

Nervously,Marina slowly approached the girl and tapped on her shoulder.

