I Pissed My Knickers

Author: OmoScripter

*000*2025-01-11 10:00

A short one. All characters are 18 or over.

###

Amanda entered her bedroom, closed the door and leaned against it. The eighteen year old was shaken by what had happened on her way home. Slowly, she walked over to her full length mirror. Her curly brown hair ran down over her shoulders and her white school blouse. Her school skirt covered her thighs, but not her knees.

Amanda checked the front and back of her skirt, and sighed with relief. It wasn’t possible to tell that anything was wrong. Then she lifted the front of her skirt, and there was no mistaking what had happened.

Her white knickers were wet. She could clearly see her trimmed bush through the soaked fabric, and her wet underwear clung to her pussy lips.

Amanda stared at the sight in front of her.

I pissed my knickers, she thought.

She was surprised to find that she didn’t feel ashamed, or sorry. Instead, she felt naughty and excited.

Amanda grinned. “I pissed my knickers” she said aloud, and she felt a jolt in her clit as she did so.

“I pissed my knickers” she said again. She felt heat spreading throughout her body and her breathing quickened.

“I pissed my knickers”. Her top felt tight, and her pussy ached to be touched.

Amanda slipped her skirt off and flung herself on her bed. Her fingers fumbled with the buttons on her blouse before she popped her left breast out of her bra. Rubbing her nipple brought her some relief, but she needed more.

Slowly, Amanda lifted the front of her knickers. Droplets of piss clung to her bush, and her clit was clearly in need of relief.

“I pissed my knickers” said Amanda as she slid her hand into her knickers. Pleasure coursed through her as she fingered herself, while she replayed what had happened.

She’d needed to go for most of the afternoon. Normally, she’d go to the toilet before getting the bus, but today, she’d been asked to stay behind for a few minutes with her friend Sarah. A few minutes grew into fifteen, and suddenly they had to run to catch the bus.

It was only once she’d sat down that she realised she was really desperate to piss. She’d spent the entire journey jiggling her legs together. Sarah had asked if she was OK, so it must have been really obvious she was bursting.

When they’d reached her stop she’d said goodbye to Sarah and hobbled off the bus. It was only a short walk to her house but she could barely move. She’d made it to her driveway but she saw the front door and then…

“I pissed my knickers” said Amanda aloud as she slipped a finger inside herself. She was masturbating furiously now as she relived the heat spreading across her knickers, all the while repeating her new favourite phrase like a mantra.

“I pissed my knickers”

“I pissed my knickers”

“I pissed my knickers I pissed my knickers I pissed my knickers I pissed my knickers Ipissedmyknickers Ipissedmyknickers IpissedmyknickersIpissedmyknickersIpissedmyknickersIpissedmyknickers IpissedmyknickersIpissedmyknickers I PISSED MY KNICKERS”

Amanda screamed as she came, her orgasm more powerful than any she’d ever had before. As she lay panting, she realised she felt something else.

She needed to piss again. Badly.

Amanda leapt up and, holding herself, dashed to the bathroom. As she got there she felt a dribble escape. She collapsed onto the toilet and let go, pissing forcefully through her already wet knickers. Her pussy ached to be touched. Her clit was sensitive after her orgasm, and the slightest brush from her fingers had her cumming a second time, as she continued to piss her knickers.

Once she’d finished, she went back to her bedroom. She looked at her phone and found a message from Sarah.

“Did you get home OK?”

Amanda thought for a moment, before taking a photo of her knickers, and sending it back to Sarah, with a simple caption.

“I pissed my knickers”.

*001*2025-01-18 10:21

Sarah paced around her bedroom. Amanda had seemed off on the way home from school.

Put simply, it seemed like Amanda was desperate for a wee.

For some reason Sarah found this really exciting. She was even more surprised to find how exciting it was that Amanda might wet herself.

Amanda had gone her own way before anything happened, but Sarah couldn’t get the idea out of her head. Which is why she was pacing around her bedroom.

That, and because she hadn’t been to the toilet since she got home, and really needed a wee herself.

She’d sent Amanda a message, asking if she was OK. She really wanted to know what had happened, and she didn’t want to go for a wee until she knew.

Her phone went off.

Sarah picked it up. It was Amanda.

The message simply said “I pissed my knickers”, and had a photo attached. Amanda had lifted her skirt to show her knickers were soaking, and her pubes and pussy were clearly visible.

It was more than Sarah could have dreamt of. She felt a rush of excitement, and a great release of tension. Her heart leapt and, to her surprise, as if she had been given permission, Sarah began to wee forcefully into her knickers.

Sarah felt a great heat between her legs. Her knickers quickly became drenched, and she couldn’t help but touch herself as her wee ran down her legs, and soaked into the carpet.

Seeing Amanda’s desperation and the photo of what happened had got Sarah most of the way there, so it only took a little touching before she felt herself explode. She had never felt anything like this, and her head swam. She stood, transfixed, as for a moment there was nothing but the wee running through her knickers and the fireworks inside them.

At last, Sarah finished wetting herself. Once she had calmed down, she lifted up her skirt and looked at her knickers, admiring the way she could see her bush through the wet material. She still felt excited, and knew she wouldn’t be taking them off for a while.

She looked at the wet patch on the carpet and realised she needed to clean it before her parents got home. But before that, there was one more thing to do.

With a grin, she took a picture, like the one Amanda had sent her, and sent it. There was only one appropriate caption.

“Me too”

