Pressure on the day off (Callie - Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-11-23 02:01

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

"Marie! Wake up!" Callie said as she shook her cousin awake. Marie groaned and slowly opened her eyes.

"........5 more minutes....." she said as her eyes slowly shut. Callie shook her again until Marie lifted herself from her pillow.

"C'mon,Marie! We need to get ready for today!" Callie said as she exited her cousin's room. Marie sat on the edge of the bed yawned. She got up and slowly walked up to her closet while rubbing her eyes. She had no idea how Callie could be so energetic during the morning. Each time Marie took a step,she could feel a slight pressure in her abdomen.

"Oh....i gotta pee...." Marie said to herself. She opened her closet,grabbed some clothes and then closed it. She then left her room and made her way to the bathroom. With each step she took, she could feel a bit of pressure. Despite this, Marie kept walking at a steady pace. The bathroom was very close to her room, so she wasn't really in a rush. She opened the bathroom door and entered it. After closing the door behind her, she placed her clothes near the sink and then turned to the toilet. Unlike most inklings, the Squid Sisters had a squat toilet as supposed to the sit toilet most of Inkopolis had. As she approached the toilet, she grabbed the waist of her shorts and pulled them down along with her panties. She took them off completely and then placed them next to the bin for dirty clothes. Marie then squatted above the toilet and relaxed.

She let out a stream of green urine that splattered against the toilet bowl. Marie sighed and closed her eyes as she emptied her bladder. After a while,her stream weakened until only a couple of drops came out. Marie stood upright and flushed the toilet. Without wiping,she made her way to the shower. As she approached the shower,she took of her shirt and threw it near the bin.

With the press of a green button,the shower head released some green ink. Marie then briefly stepped out of the shower and grabbed her phone to pick a song. She stopped scrolling when she saw the newest song: "Prism Wave" by Chirpy Chips. She tapped the "play" button and after a few seconds of loading,the song started playing. Marie grabbed the shower head and started washing herself with this ink. Today was one of the few days off Marie got. And she was planning to spend some time with her cousin,Callie.

Ever since the "Callie VS Marie" Splatfest,the duo has exploded in popularity. Ever since then,they've been busy with solo careers. So much that they didn't get to spend a lot of time together.

Marie turned off the shower head and stepped out. She shook off the ink on her body and approached the sink to put on her clean clothes. Meanwhile,Callie was already downstairs preparing breakfast. She placed two plates on the table; One with pancakes and one with waffles. Marie entered the kitchen while stretching.

"Breakfast is ready,Marie!" Callie said with excitement. Marie lowered her arms and looked at the plate of waffles in front of her. She smiled and sat down in front of the plate. As Marie prepared to dig in,she saw Callie approaching her with some Milk Tea.

"That won't be necessary,Callie. I'm not really thirsty right now..." Marie said.

"Oh...Uh...Okay." Callie said as she sheepishly scratched her head. She then grabbed a cup and started preparing some lemon tea for herself.

"So...Are you ready to go out today?" Callie said as she prepared the lemon tea. Marie just nodded as she kept eating her waffles. Normally,Marie would stay home and sleep during her day off. But since it's been so long since she got to spend time with her cousin,she decided to do that today. After she finished eating,Marie put her empty plate near the sink. She then entered the hallway to get a jacket while Callie was finishing her Tea. She took one last sip of her tea and then placed it next to Marie's empty plate.

"C'mon, Callie! Let's go!" Marie yelled from the hallway.

"Oh! Coming!" Callie said as she started dashing through the hallway. She grabbed her jacket and exited the house with Marie.

"So....Where do we go first?" Marie asked.

"Oh! How about Arowana Mall?" Callie said with excitement. Marie simply nodded and the two continued walking. As they got farther away from their house,Callie started feeling a bit of unease in the lower half of her body. She had completely forgotten to use the bathroom while she was home. To make things worse,the tea she drank was slowly making it's way to her bladder. Callie glanced at Marie,who was still looking at the road ahead of them.She clenched her fist and ignored the pressure.

"C'mon,callie. you're not a kid anymore.you can hold it..." Callie thought to herself. She then noticed that Marie was moving a bit faster then her. She picked up her pace and caught up to Marie. With each step she took,she could feel a little bit of pressure. She turned to the direction of their house,which was almost out of sight. Callie looked back in front of her and tried to ignore her bladder.

###

The Squid Sisters reached the entrance of Arowana Mall.

"Here we are....Where do we go first?" Marie asked. She didn't get a response.

"Callie?"

"......"

"Callie!" Marie turned around and looked at her cousin. Callie jumped and looked around nervously.

"Oh...uhh...Ooh! Let's go to the clothing shop first! I heard they have some new clothes there! Callie said. She then started running through the mall.

"Callie! Wait!" Marie said. She sighed and started running after her cousin. After a bit of running,Callie stopped in front of the entrance to the clothing shop.

It took a few seconds for Marie to catch up.

"Don't run off like that,Callie..." Marie said. She then took a second to catch her breath.

"Sorry....hehehe..." Callie said with a sheepish smile. Marie sighed and entered the store,with Callie following her. The two then split up and started looking around the store. Callie was starring at the row of clothes in front of her. However,she could feel her bladder pressuring her again. And this time It felt a bit stronger. Callie started rubbing her legs together while looking at the clothes in front of her.

"Hey,Callie?" A voice said. Callie turned around to see her cousin standing there with some "Toni Kensa" branded clothes.

"Which one do you think i should take?" Marie said as she lifted and lowered the shirts she was holding.

"Uhh....The white one." Callie said she pointed at it. Marie then turned around and headed towards the changing rooms. Callie sighed and went back to looking for clothes.

###

The Squid Sisters left the store. Both of them were holding one bag filled with clothes. Just then,Callie heard a sniffing sound. She turned around to see her cousin looking at a fast food stand.

"I'm going to get something to eat,Callie." Marie said. She then made her way to the stand. Callie crossed her legs and looked around. She spotted a restroom near the clothing store they just exited. Callie looked at Marie and then back at the bathroom. She took a couple of steps towards the restroom until....

"*Gasp* OH MY COD! LOOK EVERYONE!!!" A random inkling shouted. Every Inkling and Octoling near the shop turned around and saw Callie. They all immediately ran towards her and blocked her path.

"HOLY CARP! IT'S CALLIE!"

"I'M A BIG FAN OF BOMB RUSH BLUSH!"

"CAN I HAVE YOUR AUTOGRAPH?!"

Callie nervously smiled and backed away. Her fans kept asking questions and getting closer to her until Marie grabbed Callie.

"Sorry,everyone. But i'm afraid we gotta leave now. Stay fresh!" Marie said. The two then ran away from the mob of fans until they reached the entrance of the mall.

"*Sigh* Thanks,Marie. It's almost impossible for me to come here without getting mobbed by fans..." Callie said while scratching her head.

"Maybe they think you're me." Marie said with a grin. Callie just frowned,causing Marie to chuckle.

"C'mon! Let's go..." Marie said. The two then left the Mall and followed the sidewalk they were on.

"Oh uhh....I bought you a catfish burger and some coral-cola." Marie said as she pulled out the bottle.

"Ehh...I-I'll save them for later...I'm not really hungry or thirsty...." Callie said. Marie gave her a confused look, but nodded and put it back in her bag.

###

The duo of idols kept walking forward with comfort. Well....only Marie was walking with comfort. Callie was walking behind Marie with one hand between her legs. By this point,it was very difficult to ignore the signals her bladder was sending her. Callie then noticed that Marie stopped.

"Marie? What are you-" Callie looked at where Marie was facing and saw a totem pole. Callie yelped and took a few steps back. The scare caused her to briefly lose control of her bladder. She quickly jammed her hands between her legs until she was sure her had control of her bladder again. She let go of her crotch and looked at Marie,who was starring at her with a confused expression.

"S-Sorry...Those totems really creep me out." Callie said while rubbing her legs together. Marie looked back at the totem.

"I dunno. They look pretty cute to me...." Marie said with a smirk. While her back was turned,Callie placed her hands between her legs again. She could feel a wet spot on her panties. After Marie was done starring at the totems,the two kept walking. The path they were following was close to Camp Triggerfish, which was a map surrounded by water. The sound of the flowing water caused Callie to whine, which did not go unnoticed by Marie.

"Are you okay,Callie? You look a bit stiff...." Marie asked.

"Y-Yeah,I'm fine." Callie said with a fake smile. Marie starred at her cousin for a few seconds and then turned away. Callie stopped smiling and tried to ignore the water.

###

After a while, the Squid Sisters reached Kelp Dome.

"Ugh...It's so humid in here...." Marie complained as she fanned herself with her hand. Callie didn't reply as she was too occupied focusing on her bladder.

"Are you sure you don't want to drink this,Callie?" Marie said as she pulled out the bottle of cola.

"Y-Yeah,I'm sure....I'm not really thirsty..." Callie said nervously. Marie shrugged and put the bottle back in her bag. She then turned around and starred at all the plants.

"I wonder if they have a chips tree somewhere around here...." Marie said. Callie put her hands between her legs and started rubbing them together again. She was very close to her breaking point now. She always a weak bladder compared to Marie and she was determined to prove to herself that she could hold it just as long as Marie. But now? All that determination was gone. She just wanted to relieve herself. Callie looked around for something to distract her from her bladder. But a sprinkler entered her line of sight. She winced at the sight of it and turned in the opposite direction.

"Callie? What's the matter?" Callie looked at Marie,who was starring at her again with a worried expression.

"Everything is fine,Marie...."Callie said as she kept rubbing her legs together.Marie frowned and moved closer to her.

"Callie...just tell me what's wrong. You've been acting weird since we left Arowana Mall." Marie said.

"I....Everything is-" Before Callie could finish her sentence,she heard the sound of another sprinkler. She looked over Marie's shoulder and saw another sprinkler. Callie winced again. She then quickly crossed her legs tighter and shut her eyes.

"Callie?!.....do you....do you have to..." Before Marie could finish her sentence,Callie opened her eyes and looked at Marie with a worried expression.

"I need to pee! I need to pee really badly,Marie!" Callie said as she started rubbing her legs together much faster.

"Okay! Calm down!" Marie said as she placed her hands on her cousin's shoulder.

"Uhh....this way." Marie said as she dragged her cousin back to the exit of the dome. Upon reaching the entrance,Marie ran up to the receptionist while Callie stayed there and looked around while potty dancing.

"Uhh...Excuse me? Can you point me to the restroom?" Marie asked to the receptionist.

"...yeah,They're over there." The receptionist said as she pointed at another hallway. Marie ran in the direction the receptionist was pointing at and dragged Callie with her again. Marie kept running with her cousin in tow until she saw a restroom sign pointing to her left.

"Over here,Callie!" Marie said as she pointed at the girls' restroom.

"Ah! Bathroom!" Callie gasped as she barged through the door. Marie scratched her head and followed Callie into the bathroom. She entered the restroom just as Callie entered one of the stalls. Callie closed the door behind her and reached for the waist of her shorts while her eyes were on the sit toilet. She turned around and in one swift motion, pulled down her shorts and panties. As soon as her rear landed on the toilet seat,a stream of pink urine flowed out of her urethra.

"Aaaaaaaaah~" Callie moaned with relief as her bladder let out all the urine she had been holding.

"Can you....Keep it down a little,Callie? It's making me a bit uncomfortable." Marie asked. Callie responded with another moan,causing Marie to shake her head. The only noises that could be heard were Callie's relieved moans and her stream splattering against the water in the toilet. Thankfully,Nobody was there to hear it....besides Marie,of course. Callie's eyes shut and a big smile appeared on her face. She was loving every second this. After what seemed like a minute,her stream stopped. Callie reached for the toilet paper and nearly grabbed a piece of it. But then she realized there would be no point in wiping since her panties were already wet. She let go of the paper and got up from the toilet. She pulled up her shorts and panties and shivered at the cold contact from her panties. Afterwards,she flushed the toilet and exited the stall.

"Okay....I'm done,Marie..." Callie said as she approached the sink. She started washing her hands with Ink until she realized Marie was gone.

"Marie?" Callie called out for her cousin. She then heard a flushing noise coming from another stall. She turned around to see Marie exiting the stall next to her.

"I wanted to take care of it while we were here." Marie said as she closed the door behind her. She approached the sink and washed her hands as Callie finished.

"Callie. Next time,if you need to go just tell me." Marie said as she finished washing her hands.

"I will...I'm sorry..." Callie said with an embarrassed look on her face. Marie put on of her hands on Callie's shoulder. Callie looked at her cousin for a few seconds and smiled. The two exited the bathroom and left Kelp Dome.

"So...Where do we go now?" Marie asked.

"Oh! How about we go to Ancho-V games? A new game came out recently!" Callie said. Marie nodded and the two headed to the Ancho-V building.

