Filled with Water in the Desert (Princess Peach)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-01-24 17:40

$$

This story starts in Tostarena Town,Located in the Sand Kingdom.

Princess Peach decided to continue her vacation in the Sand Kingdom.

Right now,She was inside a restaurant located in the town.

She was staring at the podium of the restaurant,Where Mario was performing along side some of the residents of tostarena.

Peach was bouncing up and down,But not to the tune of her music.

Rather,It was because her bladder was pretty full.

The Sand Kingdom was known for being very hot. So she drank a lot of water prior to arriving to the restaurant.

While she kept bouncing,She looked over and saw the restrooms.

Peach decided to leave the spot she was standing on so that she could relieve herself.

She entered the restroom with a smile and grabbed one of the door handles.

"Occupied!"

Peach's smile disappeared as she knocked on the next stall.

"I'm sorry! I'm going to be here for a while!"

Peach then had a frown on her face as she knocked on the last stall.

"Sorry! It's occupied!"

Peach sighed and left the restroom.

If she had to guess,The tourists were the ones using the restroom.

The residents of Tostarena themselves were a race of skeletons. So peach didn't really think they would need to use bathrooms.

She went back to the spot and looked at the podium just as Mario finished performing.

The audience started cheering while peach applauded.

Mario got off the stage and went to the Princess.

"You did great!"

Peach clapped for Mario while he smiled.

"C'mon! Let's see what else they have here in Tostarena." Peach said as she grabbed Mario's hand and walked out of the Restaurant with him.

Peach lagged behind Mario slightly while she had one hand between her legs.

Mario then saw an Ice Cream stand and pointed at it.

"Hmm? Oh,Sure! You can go get some!"

Mario raised and eyebrow and pointed at the princess.

"Hmm? Oh,No. I don't need any. I'm good."

Mario nodded and walked towards the stand.

Peach looked around only to see a fountain in front of her.

She whined as she placed her other hand between her legs.

A tostarenan walked past.

"Umm...Excuse me..."

The tostarenan faced her.

"Do you happen to have any...restrooms around here?"

The tostarenan nodded and pointed at a portable toilet.

Peach smiled and took a step towards it.

"(Wait....What if Mario comes back and he thinks i'm missing...Maybe i should-)"

Her thoughts were interrupted when she was shoved aside by a tourist.

"Sorry! I'm about to burst!"

Peach managed to stay on her feet while the tourist banged the door shut.

Peach quickly tightened her grip between her legs and regained control of her bladder.

She sighed...

"(There goes my chance for relief)"

She was then tapped on the shoulder by Mario.

She turned around and saw him holding a cone of ice cream.

"Oh! You're back! Sweet. Let's continue!" Peach said with excitement. Though,part of that was because she was hoping she could find somewhere to get relief soon.

The two continued to walk until they stopped by a Jaxi.

"Hello there...I'm what you call a Jaxi. For 30 coins,i will take you to the ruins of Tostarena."

Mario looked at Peach and waited for an answer.

Peach nodded and Mario payed the fee.

The two then got on the Jaxi's back.

"Hold on tight. Because i go really fast!" Jaxi said as he prepared to dash.

He then started running towards,Rocking Mario and Peach up and down in the progress.

Peach held onto Jaxi to avoid falling off.

What she couldn't hold onto however was her bladder,as she could feel a spurt escaping.

Peach wanted to place her hands back between her legs,But she was sure that holding onto Jaxi was more important.

Thankfully,After what seemed like 2 minutes they stopped at the ruins.

Mario and Peach hopped off Jaxi while peach tried to keep the urine in her bladder.

"(I'm about to burst! I need to pee now!!!!)"

Peach looked around and saw a bunch of pillars around,with the Tostarena ruins just up ahead.

Whoever,There were a bunch of Goombas up ahead.

Seeing the opportunity....

"Hey,Mario? Could you make that path safe for us?" Peach said as she pointed at the Goombas.

Mario nodded and ran towards the Goombas.

As soon as he was gone,Peach placed her hands between her legs and ran behind a pillar.

She lifted her skirt and yanked down her panties,wich were a little wet.

She then squatted down and a stream of urine immediately jetted out of her.

She let out a relieved sigh while looking at the pee stream that darkened the sand below her. She then looked over and saw that Mario was still fighting the Goombas.

She kept her eyes on him as she continued to empty her bladder.

She let out a moan as her stream started to weaken. She let out some drops and then pulled up her panties.

She then got away from the pillars and saw that Mario finished getting rid off the goombas.

Mario came back and pointed at the cleared path.

"Nice! Now then..Let's take a look at the ruins!"

Mario nodded and started walking.

Peach followed him while looking back at the spot where she peed.

She was sweating because of how hot it was,but she'd rather have that than a full bladder.

*002*2019-01-25 20:21

{{19 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story

}}

Thanks

