The Corn Maze

Author: omofan5

*000*2022-12-28 19:44

Hello! This story was originally posted on my patreon, and if you enjoy this one you can find the sequel up now! Please leave feedback and consider subscribing!

Fall has always been Sofia’s favorite season. The leaves change color, the weather is cool, and not to mention the pumpkin spice. All of it. And she celebrated it every year with a few traditions. She always chose her Halloween outfit early, she always carved pumpkins, and she always took a trip to a corn maze.

“I think we’re here.” Sofia’s boyfriend Jake told her, pulling the car into the parking lot. Besides being really hot, Jake was one of the sweetest guys Sofia had ever known. So when he asked her out a few weeks ago, she was happy to start a new relationship.

Sofia was a catch too, with long brown hair and a body well toned from years of being on the swim team, Sofia was a beautiful girl in her last year at college. Today, in line with the fall spirit, she and Jake were wearing flannels and jeans, and boots for the dirt paths they would come across. The corn maze was at a local farm, and along with the maze there was a little market where vendors could sell knick-knacks and food. Sofia and Jake held hands as they made their way around the marketplace. The scents of fall were all around them, cinnamon, caramel, and of course, pumpkin. Sofia bought two pumpkin spiced coffee drinks while they made their way around, along with other little treats. Sofia saw a cute pair of earrings with her birth stone that she wanted, but didn’t feel like paying that much for.

“I’m going to go find a bathroom real quick, don’t go anywhere.” Jake said, giving Sofia a quick kiss and leaving her on a bench to sip her coffee. As she sat there, Sofia began to feel her own bladder fill. The coffee was making its way through her, but it was only a minor sensation. Jake came back quickly, and she forgot all about her bladder when he gave her another kiss.

“Are you ready for the maze?” Jake asked her.

“Let’s go!” She said, grabbing his hand and leading him over to the entrance.

The maze was designed to take no more than an hour. Sofia, who considered herself a pro at corn mazes decided to take the lead. Jake was amused by her enthusiasm, especially when she came across a split with two different paths. She was confident in her decisions, and as they made their way deeper into the maze, she was sure she was on the right path.

And she really hoped she was. The longer they walked, the more she could feel her bladder filling. They were only thirty minutes into the maze but coffee moved through her fast. What felt like a small annoyance when she was sitting on the bench had grown into a big problem. She wasn’t showing it yet, but Sofia needed to pee soon. She had this problem once before, and while it was a funny memory, she didn’t want a repeat of it.

A few years ago during her freshman year of college, Sofia went to the maze with some friends. Because of how much they were goofing off, they found themselves lost in the maze for some time. Sofia kept complaining about how bad she needed to pee, and they told her to just suck it up and pee on the ground. Eventually she did, but it took a lot of cajoling and her friends promising to be lookouts. Sofia was terrified that someone would turn the corner and see her with her pants down, pissing on the ground, but no one did, and they made it out of there shortly after that.

Sofia was not interested in repeating that episode anytime soon. So she became more focused on making it out of the maze as soon as possible. She went quiet, and got a serious look on her face that Jake quickly noticed.

“Is everything alright?” He asked.

“Huh? Oh yeah!” Sofia said before blushing. She knew that wasn’t good enough, Jake could tell something was up so she might as well say it. “Well, actually… I need to pee.”

“Oh.” Jake said, blushing too. “Well uh, let’s get out of here then.”

Sofia wondered why Jake acted so embarrassed when she said she needed to pee, but she didn’t think about it too hard. All her attention was focused on figuring out the maze and her aching bladder. They walked on relatively quietly for the next twenty minutes. The only noises being the sounds of birds, the cornstalks rustling in the wind, and other people in the maze. It wasn’t crowded, so in the worst case scenario Sofia could pop another squat like she did last time, but this time would add a whole new layer of embarrassment with her new boyfriend present.

Despite the embarrassment, Sofia soon found it hard to hold back the flood without potty-dancing as she walked. She could tell Jake was trying to act normal about it, but he was still blushing hard. And it didn’t take long for her hands to start making their way to her crotch, for when a large spasm hit and she needed the extra pressure to keep from flooding her jeans. Her hands quickly moved away and she stood up straight when they passed another group that was doing the maze.

“Hey, do you guys happen to know how much longer it might take to finish this?” Jake asked them.

“From here? Maybe about another thirty minutes.” One of the guys in the group responded. “I’ve finished this maze before, it’s tricky and easy to get lost. But there’s a few ways out.”

“If you want you can follow us!” One of the girls in the group told them.

“Oh uh that’s fine! Thank you!” Sofia interjected. She didn’t know if she could hold it another thirty minutes, but if she couldn’t, then she didn’t want to have to piss on the ground in front of a group of strangers. She took Jake’s hand and they went a separate way from the group, hoping to find another, more private exit.

With one hand she led Jake through the seemingly endless rows of cornstalks, and with the other, she pressed firmly between her legs, hoping to hold back the mounting pressure that was threatening to burst forth out of her. Sofia was becoming desperate to escape the maze now, she took every turn, hoping that one would be the exit and a way to a bathroom. But everywhere she looked it was just more and more corn. She was starting to panic, her feet moved rapidly and her hips swayed side to side as she struggled to maintain composure. She could tell little trickles were beginning to force themselves out into her panties. Little trickles for now, but they would soon be bigger.

“Sofia, Sofia wait-” Jake said, causing her to stop in place, but continue dancing and now putting both her hands between her crotch.

“You obviously need to go really bad.. So.. I think you should… I don’t want you to hurt yourself…” Jake was red in the face, clearly ashamed to say what he was thinking, but it was obvious. Sofia had been trying to deny it the whole time, but right now her only choices were to either piss her pants or piss on the ground.

“I think so too…” Sofia said, she could feel more trickles seep into her panties and she even felt a few stray ones run down her legs. “I’ve done it before, in a corn maze I mean.”

This caused Jake to become even redder somehow, but he quickly turned around and told her he’d keep watch.

Sofia was in a rush against her bladder and time. When she moved her hands so she could undo her jeans, a big spurt made its way out. It soaked her panties and left a small mark the size of a baseball on the crotch of her jeans. But they were soon pulled down along with her panties, and a hard, strong stream rushed out of her crotch. The relief felt mind blowing. She was in a half squat, ass still in the air as the piss poured down onto the dry ground below. She could hear the loud hiss coming out of her as her swollen bladder emptied with incredible power. But soon she heard something far worse.

“Someone’s coming! Hurry up!” Jake told her, still not turning around like a true gentleman.

Sofia knew that she couldn’t hurry up, her bladder was nowhere near empty. But she couldn’t get caught pissing in the maze like this. She had to cover herself up before she exposed herself to some random person. So she tried her hardest to stop the stream and pull her pants back up in time, but she was only successful at one of these. Her pants got back up, but the stream kept going as strong as it was. Her panties got drenched almost instantly, and soon the small baseball sized stain on her jeans from before rapidly expanded. 

Before, her ass, legs, and privates felt cold, exposed to the autumn wind. Now they felt exceptionally warm, warmer than ever before. It felt as if she was taking a hot shower, but instead of being nude in a bath, she was soaking her jeans with piss. Jake had turned around now, and he was in shock. The fresh wet patch on his girlfriend's jeans ran all the way from her crotch, down both her legs, and into her boots. The back of them wasn’t any different, with the seat of her pants bearing a large wet patch of its own.

As the shower in her jeans turned to a drizzle, Sofia saw the group from before turning around the corner where Jake was watching. She had pissed herself in front of her boyfriend, and now a group of strangers showed up to see her dripping wet in the aftermath.

###

They turned out to be a particularly nice group of strangers after all, as their first encounter suggested. Nobody seemed to be grossed out by Sofia’s accident or gave her a hard time for it. The consensus was, accidents happen. And Jake comforted her the whole way out of the maze, and even gave her his flannel to tie around the front of her waist after she tied hers around the back. But Sofia still felt mortified the whole day, she apologized to Jake despite him telling her that wasn’t necessary, and was quiet the whole time they walked back to the car.

“I should’ve just went to the bathroom with you earlier.” Sofia said, untying Jake’s flannel from the front of her waist before getting in his car. She kept hers on the back because she didn’t want to get his seat wet.

“Honestly, I didn’t actually go to the bathroom earlier.” Jake said sheepishly. “I bought you something.”

Jake reached in his pocket and pulled out a pair of earrings, the same ones Sofia had wanted earlier.

“Oh my god! Jake you didn’t have to get these!” She told him.

“It’s alright, really, I wanted to.” Jake told her, before leaning in to kiss her.

“You don’t think I’m gross right now?” Sofia asked in between kisses.

“No, especially not now.” Jake said before sinking in for a deeper kiss. It was getting serious, but they were in the back of the parking lot with nobody around, basically next to a farm in the middle of nowhere. And so Jake didn’t hesitate to reach over the center console of the car and put his hand on the inside of his girlfriend's leg.

“You think it’s hot don’t you?” Sofia gasped, short of breath and teasing her boyfriend now. “Is that why you were so shy earlier? When I said I needed to pee?”

“Yeah, I think it’s really hot.” Jake’s voice was husky now, and his hand made its way up her thigh to her wet crotch, before giving it a firm squeeze. “And honestly? I thought it was hot when you were dancing around too, holding yourself, trying not to wet your panties.”

“Wow, aren’t you a perv?” She giggled, grinding her hips against his hand, loving the feeling of the warm wet friction created. “Well lucky for you, my panties are soaked now.”

Jake unzipped her fly and plunged his hand into her jeans as he kissed her neck. This caused Sofia to moan louder than she expected. His hand pulled her panties aside as his fingers played with her wet clit. His hand felt amazing, and Sofia grinding up into it with force, trying to match the tempo he was playing with her with. Then, he stuck a finger inside her, and this caused her pleasure to reach even newer heights.

“Jake… Jake I’m going to-” Sofia moaned raspily.

“Do it.” Jake told her, before returning to sucking on her neck.

Sofia felt a similar feeling to what she felt in her pants earlier, warmth exploding everywhere. But this time the relief felt even better. Her legs shook as her orgasm rolled over her, and Jake's hand remained pressed against her clit as the waves of squirt flooded her jeans for the second time today. As she came down, she was exhausted, and leaning back in the passenger seat of the car, she felt the warm wet mess her panties had become underneath her.

“I have a present for you too.” Sofia said. “If you can make me cum again when we get back to your place, I’ll let you keep my panties.”

“I’d love that.” Jake said. “Especially if you pissed them again.”

Sofia just laughed. “That can be arranged.”

