A Day at the Amusement Park

Author: omofan5

*000*2023-05-29 19:22

“We’ll be there soon. Just try to hold out a little longer.” The order came from the driver's seat directed to the back row of the minivan. In the back row, three girls sat next to each other.

“Does anybody else need to go?” Asked the woman sitting in the passenger seat.

“No, I think Hannah and I are good, it’s just Bethany.” One of the girls, with dark hair with purple highlights replied.

“Ughh” Bethany, the redhead groaned. She had both hands firmly clamped between her legs, pressed against her jeans shorts.

“When we get there I’ll take her straight to the bathroom, you guys just go ahead without us.” Bethany’s mom,Wendy, who was sitting in one of the middle seats, told the rest of the group. Bethany would have blushed about the way everyone was discussing her need to piss if she hadn’t made it so obvious herself. There were even a few times where she thought she was about to burst, begging them to pull over or hand her a towel. She was sitting on a towel, not wanting to ruin her friend's mom's car seat, but she was still holding onto the contents of her bladder for dear life, every bump making her wince or groan.

Her friend, Hannah, who occupied the middle seat in the back row had given Bethany the towel, but made her promise to keep holding because she knew that if Beth’s bladder burst she would get soaked by her piss as well.

The dark haired girl sitting next to Hannah, Bellatrix found the situation somewhat amusing, she did also need to pee but nowhere near as bad as Bethany did. She just shifted her legs around, and tugged on her gray running shorts to take her mind off it.

Bethany didn’t want to keep pointlessly whining or making a scene, so she just rested her head against the window, pouting, hands still between her bouncing legs, as she finally saw the sign for the amusement park up ahead. She realized relief was coming soon, and while this lessened her worries, it also sent the signal to her bladder that it could release soon, she felt the first warm trickles spurt out of her. And she groaned and pressed her hands tighter against her crotch. Her friends in the backseat and her mother could tell what had happened but they didn’t comment on it. They knew the poor girl was trying her best, and she was likely humiliated by the small leaks. They all just hoped she could make it in time.

But by the time they pulled into the parking lot Bethany was ready to just pull her shorts down there and piss on the ground. And she probably would have, if it weren’t for all the people milling around who would see her. Wendy tutted when she saw the small leaks on her poor daughter's shorts. She knew there would be a restroom at the entrance of the park, and she walked with her daughter behind the rest of the group, as the girl hobbled slowly through the parking lot.

When they made it to the entrance, what they saw made Wendy sigh and Bethany want to cry. The line for the bathrooms stretched further than the line to enter the park. And it didn’t look like it was moving very fast.

“You guys go on ahead, we’ll head to the bathroom.” Wendy told the rest of the group. “Come on Beth.” She said as she led her desperate daughter to the back of the line.

Bethany was humiliated by how much she was potty dancing, but she knew it was the only thing holding back the even worse humiliation of pissing her shorts in public. But she didn’t know how much longer she could hold that back. The line was moving at a snail's pace, and they were nowhere near the front. The line was right near a fountain at the entrance to the park. It was quite pretty, but right now Bethany didn’t appreciate the decoration. The sound of running water was torture as she tried to focus all her energy on holding back the flood, but it was this sound that pushed her over the edge. She could feel, but was unable to stop the trickles of piss that ran down her slender legs into her long socks pulled up around her calves. Her knees buckled a bit, but she still kept her hands firmly pressed into her crotch.

“Mom I’m- I’m-” Wendy knew from her daughter's panicked voice that she had lost the struggle and was having an accident. And when she looked and saw, she had this confirmed.

“It’s okay honey.” Wendy comforted her daughter, then, with a sob, Beth’s floodgates completely opened. All of the piss she tried so desperately to hold spilled out drenching her shorts, turning the light denim a dark shade of blue. It ran down her legs and soaked her socks and shoes, and the rest of it trickled off into streams that ran directly onto the ground, creating a puddle where she stood.

Bethany burned red, she felt as though everyone was staring at her, an eighteen year old girl pissing herself in the line to the toilet. She noticed people pointing at the puddle, and stepping around it to avoid it. Her mother just pulled her into a side hug, and told her not to worry, that they’ll get her cleaned up.

###

Rachel, Hannah’s mom, looked at the notification she just received from Wendy.

“Looks like Bethany didn’t make it to the bathroom.” Rachel told the rest of the group. “Poor girl.”

“Wait, she had pissed herself? No way.” Bellatrix asked.

“Bella!” Her mother, Maria, scolded her daughter for her crassness. “The poor thing was holding it for hours, and we’re not going to sit here and pretend like you’ve never had an accident.”

“Mom! Shhh!” Bella blushed, she didn’t want to discuss her history of bathroom accidents, especially not in such a public place.

“Oh please.” Maria shrugged her daughters concerns off. “In fact, we should look for a bathroom before we go any further.”

“Ugh, I don’t need to use the bathroom.” Bellatrix insisted. This wasn’t exactly true, but she didn’t want to be reminded to use the bathroom and be taken there by her mother like she was some kid. “Let’s just get on a ride.”

The four women got in line for the first roller coaster they saw. Bellatrix was excited for this one, she had read about how crazy it was supposed to be, and she felt the anticipation in her stomach when she looked up at the height and heard the scream of the riders who were already on board.

Or at least, she thought it was anticipation at first. She quickly realized however that in addition to her need to piss, she also needed to poop as well. The group was already in the line, and they had a forty-five minute wait ahead of them, and the line behind them only grew longer. Bellatrix knew she would just have to hold it until they got off the ride and could head to the bathroom, but she was starting to regret not taking her mothers advice.

She could tell her mother was regretting not using the bathroom either, soon, she was bouncing around making her need to pee vocal.

“Ugh, I should’ve just gone to the toilet without you, how long is this line going to take?” Maria brushed her long blonde hair aside, adjusting her tan capris to try to lessen the strain on her bladder.

“Another thirty minutes at least.” Rachel answered. “Wanna just get out of line and go? I’ll stay with the girls.”

“I don’t know I-” Maria began before she was hit with a strong wave of desperation. She was basically hunched over at this point. “Yeah I think that might be a good idea.”

But they were being kept in line by a metal barrier. Maria didn’t expect to be able to fight her way through the crowd of people behind them, so she knew she would have to get by the barrier. She bent down to duck underneath the barrier, but the position was awkward, basically a squat, and this was too much for her bladder. The whole group and everyone near them in line watched as the dark, glistening patch spread on the crotch of her tan capris. She was still in this squat position, too shocked to move, as the piss gushed through her pants creating a large puddle underneath her. The squat position caused the flow to be loud and powerful, as if she was on the toilet, but instead of water, the piss just splashed onto the hot pavement beneath her.

“Well, I guess I don’t need to go anymore!” Maria laughed it off. But Bellatrix was mortified, so many people had just watched her mother piss herself! In addition to her humiliation, witnessing her mom's accident made her need to pee that much worse. As she watched her mother walk off, with the wet patch on the back of her pants, she wondered if she could avoid that fate.

By the time she got to the front of the line, she was basically using all of her willpower to keep from potty dancing on the spot. She was shifting back and forth, tapping her fingers on her thighs, and biting her lip.

“Are you nervous?” Hannah asked her friend. Bellatrix blushed at her desperation being noticed, but she told the brown haired girl that it was just nerves. And truthfully, she was nervous, she had to pee extremely badly, and her bowels were rumbling too. She had no idea what effect the roller coaster would have. She got on the ride and sat next to Hannah, praying that she wouldn’t piss all over her friend. As the lap bar came down, she let out a little leak from the pressure. Feeling the warm wetness stain her panties didn’t help her desperation, and as the roller coaster began to ascend, she felt all the piss inside her begin to slosh around. Then, the roller coaster reached its peak, and she looked over at Hannah, Bella remembered how she was worried about Bethany peeing on her during the car ride. Bella just hoped Hannah would forgive her for the accident she was about to have.

The roller coaster dropped fast, and Bella heard the screams of her fellow riders, and she felt her warm piss stream out of her, soaking into her panties and shorts. What didn’t soak into her clothes splashed around her seat, puddling under her ass and running down onto the floor beneath her. She felt twists and turns of the roller coaster, and felt her friends hand on her arm, Hannah was trying to tell her something but Bellatrix couldn’t hear her, not over the screaming voices, the air blowing by her ears, or the fact that she was trying to block out that this was even happening right now.

By the time the ride came to a stop, Bellatrix was burning red, and Hannah was still trying to talk to her. But Bella got out of her wet seat as fast as possible, and ran to the exit of the ride. She had humiliated herself by pissing her pants on the ride, but that wasn’t the end of her worries. She still needed to find a bathroom, quickly, or else she would fill her soaking wet panties as well. She entered the gift shop area, and heard the murmurs of people commenting on the girl with the obvious wet patch on the back of her gray shorts. She tried to block them out, and scanned the store for a restroom, but she didn’t find one. Instead, her eyes landed on the photos of the ride displayed for sale. She saw herself and Hannah, and the extremely visible wet patch on her crotch.

Bellatrix ran out of the store to continue her search for a toilet. And she ran into her mother, Bethany, and Bethany’s mother.

“Bella! What happened?!?” Maria asked her daughter. She wasn’t about to scold her for her accident, that would be hypocritical, but she just wanted to make sure her daughter was alright.

“Mom, where’s the bathroom?” Bella ignored her mothers question and asked her own.

“It’s around the corner but the line is huge.” Maria answered. “Why? If you want to get changed there’s other changing rooms. Bethany could show you where they are.”

Bellatrix noticed Bethany had on new, pink cotton shorts, they were obviously purchased from the gift shop as they had the name of the park on them. But that’s not what Bellatrix was worried about, when she heard that the line for the bathroom was huge, her stomach dropped even further. She had no idea what to do. She began to contemplate the unthinkable.

“Mom, please… I need to…” Bella began to walk off behind the gift shop, where nobody could see. She heard her mother call after her to ask where she was going, but she didn’t stop. Her slow walk began to turn into a waddle as she felt the contents of her bowel begin to push out of her. She couldn’t hold back any longer, she wasn’t private enough, there were still people around who could see her, but her stomach didn’t care. Her knees buckled and she sank into a squat, pulling her shorts down to expose her soaked purple panties with black trim. Then, she felt the warm, hard mass of shit push out of her. It bulged in her panties, then nestled in them, pressed between the wet fabric and her skin. She couldn’t believe what had just happened, and she looked up and realized her mother had watched the whole thing.

###

While that was happening, Hannah was telling everyone else what had happened on the roller coaster, which was now being shut down for cleaning. They all decided not to mention this detail to Bella when she came back, so they wouldn’t embarrass the poor girl any more. Hannah didn’t blame her for the piss that got on her shorts, she was more worried about whether or not her friend was doing okay. Bethany seemed to be consoled by the fact that she wasn’t the only one who had an accident, but was still not happy with the dumb shorts and lack of panties she had to deal with. Rachel couldn't believe the day the group was having, and Wendy was worried about what was said about the bathroom line.

“Do you think there’s any other bathrooms anywhere nearby?” She asked Rachel.

“Not you too Wendy.” Rachel laughed. “Honestly you might as well join the club and pee your pants too.”

Wendy gave a slight chuckle in response, but her problem wasn’t that she was about to pee her pants, it was her stomach. She had woken up with an upset stomach this morning, it was so bad that she considered not even coming to the park, but she decided to power through this issue and join in. Now she was beginning to make a list of her regrets. She regrets coming here instead of sitting at home with easy access to a toilet all day. She regretted not using the toilet while she helped her daughter change her clothes and get cleaned up after her accident. She regrets not getting in line for the bathroom sooner, as she can see it beginning to stretch even longer from where she was standing.

After being able to get cleaned up and changed, Bethany was in a much better mood. The humiliation of her accident earlier that morning was still fresh in her mind, but she wanted to put that behind her and try to enjoy her time at the park.

“Mom, do you want to go on this ride?” Beth asked her mother. The ride she pointed to was similar to the teacups, it spun the riders around so fast they appeared to almost be a blur. Wendy was hesitant, but then she saw the look on her daughter’s face. She didn’t want to let her down, especially after the humiliation she had to endure earlier.

And so, against her better judgment, Wendy got on the ride. It began slow at first, slow, but the rotations were still enough to shake her stomach up. Then the ride began to pick up speed, and she had to clench to keep the contents of her bowels in. But the fight was pointless. Soon the ride hit full speed, and her mess began to push out of her into her jeans. She wanted to get up from her chair, to try to escape the ride and run to find a bathroom, but the increased gravity from the ride kept her trapped against her seat. More and more the hot mushy mess began to fill her panties and press against her ass, and she even felt a little bit of piss trickle out of her and stain her jeans. By the time the ride stopped, she was a complete mess. Her panties were covered in shit, and her jeans had a noticeable brown spot on the back. Bethany, who was oblivious to all until now looked over at her mother and realized that she had an accident too.

###

While separated from the rest of the group, Hannah and Rachel had decided to get on a ride themselves. The drop tower. Hannah’s shorts were still slightly wet from sitting next to Bellatrix, but she wouldn’t stop that from letting her have fun. Rachel was just hoping that there wouldn’t be any more issues today, not after the amount of accidents the group has had.

But while they were in line both women realized they had needed to pee. Neither told the other, it wasn’t that bad of a need, but they would have to go after this ride. So, once they got strapped in they hoped the ride would go quick and smooth. But of course with their luck, it wouldn’t.

@@Rachel felt her legs dangle as the tower raised them to the top of the park, and she looked over at her daughter who was smiling with anticipation. From there they could see everything. All the rides, attractions, people, and bathroom lines. Then, just as they finished taking all the sights in, the ride dropped them fast down to the ground. The riders all screamed, including Rachel, but her’s were for a different reason. Her bladder released a sudden spurt of piss into her panties when the drop happened. Her bladder was never strong, especially ever since she became a mother, but she wasn’t expecting this. She pressed her crotch into the restraint between her legs as the ride raised them back up high. Then, it dropped again, and even more piss escaped out of her, the seat restraint was the only way she could hold her crotch, but it also meant that she couldn’t press her legs together. Then, on the third time the ride began to make its ascent up, it made a mechanical jerking noise and stopped.

“What’s going on?” Hannah asked her mother. Then she was answered by a PA announcement.

“Please remain calm, the ride has come to a stop due to a mechanical failure. We are attempting to fix it and will be done shortly.”

All the riders began to talk amongst themselves. How soon is “shortly?” What sort of error? Rachel was panicking, her bladder was ready to pop after those leaks. She knew there would already be little stains on her jeans. But when she looked over at her daughter, she could instantly tell she was in the same boat as well.

“You need to pee too?” Rachel asked Hannah, causing her daughter to blush. “It’s alright, I wet myself a little when the ride dropped. I think I might just go.”

“What?!?” Hannah asked, blushing even harder. She was doing the same thing her mother was, pressing her crotch against the restraint between her legs. Only Hannah’s squirming was more obvious, she was even trying to wrap her legs around each other, trying desperately to not let a single drop of piss out.

“Yeah, who knows how long we might be up here, and besides it’s not like we’re the only ones to do it?” Rachel reasoned. Then, she let out a sigh, and Hannah watched in horror as a steady stream of piss emerged from underneath her mother, running down her legs and soaking the inside of her jeans, before trickling down to the ground below them.

“I’m not doing that mom! I can’t believe you just did!” Hannah said, but it may be too late for her. Watching and hearing her mom's piss stream made her desperation that much worse. She saw a crowd gathering below the line. A crowd including her friends and their moms. She knew there were so many eyes on her, but there wasn’t much she could do besides press her crotch against the restraint, and this didn’t do much to help. They had been trapped for nearly ten manures now, she could tell the crew was working on the ride, but she could also tell she wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer. Little trickles already began to escape out of her. Some just soaking into her panties, some running down her tan slender legs.

@@“Hannah, just go, it’s okay.” Rachel told her, but Hannah wished she hadn’t. Hearing her mother say that made it almost impossible to stop the leaks now. They were constant, almost every two seconds, and growing stronger and lasting longer. Her crotch was soaked, and she knew her white shorts had to have become see through. But no matter how much she leaked she didn’t become any less desperate. From their height, she could see the fountain at the entrance of the park. The same fountain that made Beth piss herself. She never would’ve guessed at the time she would be in the same situation later. Pissing her shorts publicly. She wondered what Beth felt like, when the warmth blossomed against her crotch and ran down her legs. This thought, the sight of the fountain, and her desperation, all became too much for Hannah. She felt another leak, but this wasn’t a leak, it was the real deal and she wouldn’t be able to stop it. Hannah squirmed and whined against the restraints. Her mother told her comforting words, but she could also hear the comments from the other riders, she knew people were pointing at her. The piss completely soaked her panties and shorts, there wasn’t an inch of dry fabric below her crotch area. She stuck her legs out as the piss ran down them, joining the rest that came out of her onto the ground, mixing with her mothers puddle. She wanted to cry like Beth did earlier. The warm wetness clung to her, as she felt the wind making her wet legs cold. Just as she finished her accident, the ride creaked again, then began to slowly descend.

###

On the ground, Rachel surveyed the damage, she found out about the messes Wendy and Bellatrix made, and saw that her daughters shorts were so wet they were basically see through. The thin white denim clung to her daughter's legs and butt, and you could see her cheeks, and the thong she was wearing. Bethany, who had the first accident, was consoling her two friends who were still in tears over theirs. Wendy and Maria were handling their accidents better, but Maria was getting tired of the stares she was getting, and Wendy was clearly disgusted with herself. Everyone was in desperate need of a shower and a change of clothes.

“What a day huh?” Rachel asked, always trying to stay lighthearted in these sorts of situations. “Guess it’s time to head home, does anyone need to use the bathroom before we leave?”

