Omo Alex Q&A - Page 3

Author: Omo Alex

*000*2025-01-02 17:08

Finished a new chapter of "Omo Alex" yesterday!!

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="171129" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed6277290524" style="height:388px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/96421-omo-alex-light-novel/?do=embed"

Wanted to do a trivia game on this thread! The first person to answer all these questions correctly, I will draw a mini 3-4 page comic for, using any of the characters from "Omo Alex". No limits except that I won't draw scat, or anything that violates TOS.

Questions:

Q1: Name all of Alex's roommates.

Q2: How old is Ari?

Q3: What is the name of Alex's dorm building?

Q4: How many stalls are in the main bathroom on college?

Q5: What does EHC stand for?

Q6: Excluding Alex, name five students in Alex's core computer science class.

Q7: What is the distance between dorm side and academic side of campus?

Q8: In What order did Jack, Alex, and Ben lose control during crossfit class in the first chapter?

Q9: What side-effects did Jack, Alex, and Ben experience in chapter 4 after drinking the experimental coffee drug?

Q10: In the game of truth or dare, which dare card played was worth the most amount of points?

*003*2025-01-05 18:59

@ash_pikachu

@orangelion

I'm very impressed!!

Every answer that Orangelion answered was correct! #10, was A-13. A-07, was a dare like, but it was a "Group" event card and not a "Dare" card.

For #3, the only way to get that answer was to look at both the maps I drew in chapters 5 and 6, great work @ash_pikachu

#6 was definitely a tricky question. I only mentioned "Nichole" once in chapter 4, and "Mike" is a character that I just introduced in the latest chapter-- still working out a full character design for him at the moment.

I'll set up a DM w/ the three of us and we can discuss the comic.

*004*2025-02-08 17:09

Finished working on the mini omo alex comic with @orangelion and @ash_pikachu

! Was fun getting ideas for things to draw! I may continue to create mini-comics for omo-alex if more ideas come my way...

&&

&&

&&

&&

*008*2025-03-07 23:12

{{On 12/26/2024 at 9:56 PM, AliasnameTO said:

I love everyone in this series 😍 my question for whomever wants to answer is if they ever mind or even enjoy wetting/peeing in unconventional places. Surely it would help with the Omo U experience.

}}

&&

&&&&&&&&

