Little Red Skirt

Author: orbgon

*000*2017-11-27 16:10

Warning: short mention of masturbation at the end.

###

Once upon a time there was a young woman, the prettiest you could ever see. Her mother loved her, and her grandmother even more so. That good woman had a little red skirt made for her which suited her so well that she wanted to wear it all the time, and so she came to be called Little Red Skirt.

One day, the girl's mother said to her: "Little Red Skirt, here are some cakes and a bottle of wine. Take them to your grandmother. She's ill and feels weak, and they will make her strong. You'd better start off now, before it gets too hot, and when you're out in the woods, look straight ahead of you like a good little girl and don't drink any of the wine. Just because you’re 18 now, it doesn’t mean you should drink alcohol!

"I'll do just as you say," Little Red Skirt promised her mother.

Little Red Skirt set out immediately to visit her grandmother, who lived in another village, without stopping to use the bathroom. No sooner had Little Red Skirt set foot in the forest than she met Arthur Woolf, her school crush. He asked her where she was going; the poor girl, flustered and not knowing what to say, said: "To Grandmother's house."

"What's that tucked under your arm?"

"Some cakes and wine. Yesterday we baked, and Grandmother, who is ill and feeling weak, needs something to make her better," she replied.

"Does she live very far away?" Arthur Woolf asked.

"Oh, yes," said Little Red Skirt, "it’s past the mill you see way over there, the first house in the village."

Arthur Woolf thought to himself: "That girl is so hot! Alone in the woods together. If you're really crafty, you'll get her."

The wolf walked alongside Little Red Skirt for a while. Then he said: "Little Red Skirt, have you noticed the beautiful flowers all around? Why don't you stay and look at them for a while? I don't think you've even heard how sweetly the birds are singing. You're acting as if you were on the way to school, when it's so much fun out here in the woods."

Little Red Skirt looked with eyes wide open and noticed how the sunbeams were dancing in the trees. She caught sight of the beautiful flowers all around and thought: "What a lovely place for a picnic. With Arthur Woolf! And I’ve got wine too. It's still so early in the morning that I'm sure to get there in plenty of time."

She promptly sat down on the grass, back against a tree, and said: "I really don’t think wine is going to help my Grandmother. Would you like some?"

The two youngsters started sharing the bottle. Little Red Skirt, excited and shy, had heard that alcohol helps you overcome shyness. Within half an hour, the bottle was over, with the girl having drunk more than three quarters of it.

They lay there for a while, making small talk. Then, Arthur Woolf said: "I have to go home. I’ll take this path here, and you take that path there, and you’ll be there in no time." In reality, both paths led out of the wood, and he had told her to take the longer one, wanting to get there first and surprise her.

Little Red Skirt took the longer path, killing time by gathering hazelnuts, chasing butterflies, and making bouquets from the little flowers she came across. She did not realise that she had left the path, and soon found herself lost in the middle of the forest. She remembered the tales her mother and grandmother used to tell her when she was just a little child, about wolves and witches in houses made of candy in the middle of the forest. It wasn’t the first time she had a nightmare about the wolf in the forest and woke up crying for her mother in a wet bed!

No sooner had she remembered that than she felt a sharp pang in her bladder. She looked at her watch; it had been 3 hours since she left home. She hadn’t used the bathroom since she woke up five hours ago, and she had had so much wine. Now that Little Red Skirt was aware of her need, she realised how desperate she was and couldn’t ignore it. The girl started trying to find the path again; eventually she did, but it took a while and her desperation had intensified. She had her right hand pressed tightly against the crotch of her skirt and was hopping along with every step. She had never needed to go the toilet so bad in her life, but she didn’t dare pull her skirt up, her panties down, and squat in the woods, in case there really were wolves around. Oh, how she longed to get to Grandmother’s house!

Meanwhile, Arthur Woolf had run straight to his house, where no one was home. He stole a couple of old clothes from his mother’s wardrobe, dressed himself up as an old lady, and hurried along to Little Red Skirt’s Grandmother’s house, where he sat outside waiting to surprise the beautiful girl.

Little Red Skirt finally made it out of the forest, past the mill, and to Grandmother’s house, stopping every few seconds to cross her legs and push both hands against her crotch, bending down slightly. She was surprised to find Grandmother outside, and said: “Grandma, shouldn’t you be in bed?”

Arthur Woolf, disguising his voice, said: “Don’t worry, my dear, I’m feeling much better. What’s that you have tucked under your arm?”

“Some cakes my mother is sending you,” replied Little Red Skirt. “Here, hold them and please let me inside quickly, I really have to go to the b-”

Little Red Skirt stopped halfway through the sentence as she noticed that Grandmother looked very strange. She said:

“Grandmother, what big ears you have!”

“The better to hear you with, my dear.”

“Grandmother, what big eyes you have!”

“The better to see you with, my dear.”

“Grandmother, what big arms you have!”

“The better to hug you with, my dear.”

“Grandmother, what a big mouth you have!”

“The better to kiss you with!”

And saying that, Arthur Woolf jumped towards Little Red Skirt, arms outstretched, to pull her into a kiss.

Surprised, Little Red Skirt took one step backwards, gasped, then cried out in horror as she looked down at her feet.

Arthur Woolf stopped at her reaction, and, following her gaze, saw a dark spot growing on Little Red Skirt’s famous skirt, around her two hands, which she had on her skirt. At first he was confused, then he saw a stream of golden liquid forcefully make her way down her legs, into her socks and shoes and onto the gravel path. She had peed in her little red skirt! Disgusted and at the same time laughing, he turned back and headed towards his home.

Arthur Woolf wouldn’t tell anyone, though; after all, she had seen him crossdressing. In fact, that night, he kept thinking about Little Red Skirt’s accident and he didn’t find it so disgusting anymore. On the contrary, he found it very exciting. However, he had to settle for pleasuring himself at the memory, for Little Red Skirt was too embarrassed to ever look at him again, and she wouldn’t want to after he had laughed at her predicament.

*002*2017-11-27 23:34

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was very good

}}

Thank you, I really appreciate it!

I don't imagine I'll continue this but I might do other fairy tales if I have time.

*006*2017-11-28 23:19

Thank you!!

*008*2017-12-01 08:17

{{22 hours ago, bedwetter33 said:

Can you make a part two. Maybe with both of them desperate or little red skirt tied to a tree by a werewolf or witch.

Great story btw. I loved reading it multiple times.

}}

Thank you! I'm very busy at the moment but I'll see whether I'll manage to come up with an idea and I'm sure I'll find time to write it if I do. Maybe a crossover with some other stories

*011*2017-12-28 14:59

Thank you! I haven't been on the site in a while but just remembered this. I will try to write a similar one (not sure if sequel or just a different story yet) in the next 10 days or so.

