4 my Bladder (Splatoon Agent 4)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-08-20 21:01

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

$$$$

"*Sigh* Callie...."

Marie stared at a picture of her and her sis....err....cousin with a somber expression. Callie has been missing for over a month now and Marie hasn't had luck finding her. Marie snapped out of her thoughts when she heard the sound of a kettle outside. She turned around and looked out of the window. Sure enough,Agent 4 was standing on one of the entrances to the levels.

Marie opened her paper parasol and left the cabin she was in.

"Agent 4!" The yellow Inkling turned around upon hearing her code name.

"So...how did the mission go?" Marie asked. Agent 4 gave her a thumbs up and showed her the Zapfish she rescued in the level.

"Excellent job,agent 4. I really have a good eye for discovering talent." Marie said proudly. Agent 4 blushed and stepped of the entrance.

The two agents then heard another noise coming from the kettle in the middle of the outpost. The lid of the kettle slowly started spinning until it came off and revealed another entrance. 4 started running towards the kettle while Marie slowly followed her. As she walked,she kept staring at all the platforms around the canyon.

"Man...Octarians are so weird. What with their floating platforms everywhere..." Marie said to herself.

However,something else caught her attention. Each time she took a step,she could feel a little bit of pressure in her bladder.

"Hmm...."

The noise Marie made caught the attention of Agent 4.

"Huh? Oh. Everything is fine,four. You don't have to worry." Marie said.

Marie looked at the keetle in front of them. Agent 4 hopped on the keetle and gave Marie a thumbs up. Marie simply nodded as Agent 4 transformed into her squid form and slipped through the entrance.

Marie turned around and started walking back to the cabin to take care of some business. It's not like she was near her limit,but she figured it would be better to relieve herself while she had the chance. She entered the cabin and made her way to the bathroom door. She entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her. In front of er was a toilet bowl at floor level. Marie put her paper parasol and walkie-talkie near the sink. She then hiked up her kimono,revealing some green panties. She pulled them down and squatted over the toilet.

She relaxed and let out a stream of green urine. The sound of her urine making contact with the toilet echoed through the room along with a sigh from Marie. After about 20 seconds,her stream began to get weaker and weaker until only a couple of drops came out. Marie stood up and grabbed some toilet paper to wipe herself dry. After wiping,she tossed the wet piece of toilet paper in a nearby bin and pulled her panties back up. She walked over to the sink and started washing her hands with some ink. As soon as she was done,she heard a loud beep coming from her walkie-talkie. She got up to where her parasol was and grabbed the Walkie-talkie.

"This is Agent 2. I hear you loud and clear,four."

Meanwhile.....

Agent 4 was currently standing in front of a launch pad with the Hero shot in her hand.

"Can you see the Zapfish?" Marie asked.

Four looked at the Arena that was further ahead and saw a Zapfish hovering above some magenta ink.

"Excellent! Go get that zapfish!" Marie said. Four walked towards the launch pad,but hesitated as she got close to it. She started feeling a bit of pressure in her in her bladder. She was so eager to get the next Zapfish that she forgot to use the bathroom while she was at the outpost. Despite the signals her bladder was sending her, she stepped on the launch pad. She then transformed into a squid and Super Jumped towards the Arena.

Upon landing,the pressure in her bladder briefly increased. Four crossed her legs and started fidgeting a bit. Her attention shifted from her bladder to the Zapfish that was hovering above the magenta puddle of ink. Four created a path of ink with her Hero shot and swam towards the Zapfish. Whoever, her plan of quickly grabbing the Zapfish and leaving came to halt when an Octarian Tentacle popped out of the Ink and grabbed the Zapfish.

Four quickly swam away from the Tentacle and aimed her Hero Shot at the puddle of ink.The puddle started glowing and a machine was slowly rising out of it.

Very...very slowly....

Four groaned and crossed her legs while waiting for the machine to rise out of the ink. After what felt like an eternity to eight (when in reality it only took 12 seconds) the light disappeared and a giant oven was standing in front of Four.

$$

Four started shooting at the ground while the Oven approached her. The oven lined up one of it's loaves. Four noticed this and quickly jumped into her ink. She dodged the loaf that extended from the oven and continued to shoot at the ground. The oven did a short hop towards four and extended all it's loaves in an attempt to hit the Agent. Four dodged the attack and saw the tentacle sticking out of the oven. She started inking the loaves and swimming up the oven. Once she was on top of the oven,she started shooting ink at the Tentacle until it exploded. A bunch of ink started jetting out of the machine.

Four super jumped back to where she was when the fight started. Four placed her free hand between her legs. Her bladder was filling up faster than she expected. A gusher landed next to her,startling her and causing her to leak a little. Four crossed her legs and started shooting at the ground again to create a path. She swam in her ink and avoided all the loaves that the oven extended. Unfortunately for her,swimming in her ink turned out to be more painful than she expected. In her squid form,the pressure felt nearly doubled. She jumped out of her ink and quickly reverted back to her humanoid form. She then put her free hand between her legs again and started fidgeting again.

The oven once again extended all of it's loaves. Four yelped and barely managed to jump out of the way. Upon landing however,she could feel another leak escaping. She started shooting ink at the loaves again. She swam up the machine and started shooting at the exposed tentacle again until it exploded. Once again,a bunch of Ink jetted out of the oven.

Four super jumped back to the starting spot. This time she landed on her knees and with both hands between her legs. The octo oven fired a bunch of gushers and extended a "glazing machine". This machine started spewing out multiple streams of magenta ink. Four whined as those streams reminded her of something she really wanted to do right now. She looked at the Hero Shot she dropped upon landing. She picked it up and got back on her feet. She started running away from the glazing machine in order to avoid getting caught in the streams of ink.

She placed placed her free hand between her legs again and started maneuvering around the gushers that the oven scattered all over the arena. The oven prepared to extend it's loaves again.

Four created path of ink and swam through both the ink and the pain of her bladder to avoid the loaves.

She then turned back into her humanoid form and started shooting ink at the loaves again. This time,there was less room for ink since the loaves were covered in metal that couldn't be inked. Despite this,she managed to create a path. Four took a moment to brace herself. She then transformed into her squid form and swam through the ink,Trying to ignore the pain of being in squid form with a full bladder. Once she was on top of the oven, she transformed back into her humanoid form and started potty dancing. She then quickly started shooting at the exposed Tentacle until it exploded. Four super jumped off the machine and as soon as she landed,the oven exploded and revealed the zapfish.

Four sighed with relieved,happy that it was finally over. Her brief moment of happiness was cut short when her headphones went off. This startled her and caused her to let out another leak. This one lasted a second longer than the previous ones. And if it wasn't for the material of her shorts,there would be a small wet patch on her crotch right now. Four answered the call.

"Good Job,Agent 4! Now grab the Zapfish and return to the outpost!"

Four immediately ran towards the zapfish and grabbed it.

Later....

Four jumped out of the kettle and started running towards the cabin Marie was in. With one hand holding the Zapfish and the other holding her bladder.

She quickly gave Marie the Zapfish and gave her a thumbs up.

"Good Job,agent 4. Keep it up and we'll have the Great Zapfish back in no....time..." Marie stopped talking when she saw four doing a potty dance.

"Uhh...the bathroom is inside the cabin if you need to-"

Four nodded and quickly entered the cabin.

"-go." Marie finished as she watched four rush to the bathroom door. Four closed the door behind her and started pulling her shorts down while walking towards the squad toilet. She squatted above the toilet and almost immediately a stream of yellow urine jetted out of her lower region.

"Ahhhhhh....." Four let out. All the pressure she felt was slowly replaced with relief as she let out all the urine she was holding during the fight. The relief felt so great that four couldn't help exhale again.

Four looked down. Her shorts looked like the were completely clean,but her panties had a big wet patch on them. After what felt like a minute,her stream weakened. Four sighed and stood up. She took off her shorts and panties and grabbed some toilet paper. She wiped her lower region and then cleaned her shorts. She then put her shorts back on without her panties. She grabbed her panties and sighed at the damage. She exited the bathroom and walked up to Marie.

"Ah,You're done. Are you ready to go to the next kettle?" Marie asked.

Four hesitated a bit before showing Marie the wet patch on her panties.

"Heh...you barely made it?" Marie teased. Four lowered her head in embarrassment. Marie took the panties and entered the cabin.

"Don't worry. I'll put these in the washing machine. That Zapfish you collected should be more than enough to power it up." Marie said.

Four smiled and bowed.

"In the meantime,how about you go to the next kettle?" Marie asked.

Four nodded and was about to leave cabin.

"Oh and uhh...."

Four turned around and faced Marie.

"....Stay fresh."

Four let out a nervous chuckle and made her way to the next kettle.

