A desperate friend finds his friend is also very desperate to pee during orchestra class

Author: Omoqueen69

*000*2023-02-15 23:39

Before you read this, keep two things in mind. 1, this is a draft. And 2, this is 1000 words long roughly. If you have the patients to read all this, enjoy.

During orchestra class, Douglas felt the desperate need to pee. He shifted back and forth in his seat. He couldn’t cross his legs because he is a cello player, making the urgent need even worse. He couldn’t even squeeze his legs together because of the cello. He then regretted not going to the bathroom before. He fidgeted, tapping the cello, trying to distract himself from the tingling in his abdomen and pressure downwards on his penis. He felt he could hold it in, so he stayed in class and played. He was challenged by his friend to chug the rest of his water bottle for 10 dollars because his friend knew the fact that Douglas hadn’t used the bathroom all day so by then he needed to pee. Orchestra class started at 10:45, 4 hourse after he took his morning pee, and he already drank a liter and a halg of water over the 4 hours he’s been awake. He chugged his water, momentarily forgetting he needed to pee until after he had finished.

He still got his 10 dollars. But then, concentrating was hard for him because of the fact he had not gone to use the bathroom all day on top of drinking extra water. He REALLY needed to pee, now that he had drank that extra 500 ml of water. He kept chugging (no pun intended) through playing the pieces, trying to forget about needing to pee. He felt like there was a water balloon just placed inside of his pelvis. He kept tapping his foot, trying to forget about how he needed to pee really badly.

After 10 minutes, that water that he chugged hit Douglas hard. He moved the cello forward so he could squeeze his legs together and lean forward when he thought nobody was looking. He put his cello back in between his legs and clenched his buttcheeks which reduced the urge.

He was unable to stay still. He was squirming around, though despite that, nobody really questioned him because he has always been weird. “I need to pee so bad right now Oliver.” Douglas whispered to Oliver next to him. Oliver responded with “I know. That’s why I made you chug that water bottle.” before chuckling in amusement with adding to Douglas’s growing need to empty his full and ever filling bladder. “I saw that you hadn’t used the bathroom all day.” Oliver added onto his response to Douglas. “This is the worst I’ve ever had to pee before.” Douglas responded. “That’s not surprising, you always use the bathroom.” Oliver said in return.

His dick became semi erect because of the fact that his bladder was so full it was pushing down on his prostate and the fact that it is a normal function of the male body for the penis to become erect when needing to pee really badly. His friend, Oliver, teased him by loudly drinking water whenever the cellists did not have to play during class. Whenever Oliver did that, Douglas laughed, which did not help his predicament at all. It only causes pressure on his bladder, causing a jolt of pain in his abdomen each time. Every time that happened, he leaned forward, easing pressure off his bladder.

“How badly do you need to pee right now Douglas?” Oliver asked.

“I need to pee so bad bro. My stomach hurts. Like, the bottom part under my belly button.” Douglas explained.

“Honestly, I need to pee also. I had not used the bathroom either all day. It feels like there was a rock placed inside my pelvis.” Oliver finally admitted, knowing Douglas would figure out at some point, so he just decided to say it then and there.

Douglas was moving back and forth, side to side, and tensing his leg muscles, as if to move his legs together, but couldn’t because there was a cello in the way. By the twenty minute mark, it was cramping, and Douglas couldn’t hold it anymore. He had started to spurt also, and a wet spot appeared on his pants. The fact that he was tricked into drinking more water did not help his predicament whatsoever. When he got up to use the bathroom, he had to lean forward, taking as much pressure off of his bladder as possible. Each step was absolute torture, the sea of pee jossling around his bladder.

But, he couldn’t hold it anymore, so he walked as quickly as he could, which was not quick enough, pee spurted out, and this time pee ended up visible. Oliver, also desperate to pee, caught up. He was visibly uncomfortable, and was holding his stomach as his bladder was hurting. He put his hand in his pocket to grab onto his erect dick. Oliver had obviously needed to go more badly, with his wet spot even bigger and him needing to stop in the middle of the hall midway to lean over and clench.

After 30 seconds of this, Douglas was ahead of Oliver, he would normally stop and wait for Oliver, but for obvious reasons, he couldn’t exactly stop. So Oliver ran over to him, which caused cramping all over his pelvis and his penis, causing his desperation to be much worse. He spurted for a good 5 seconds, pee now down the side of his leg. Oliver had an erect penis, so he couldn’t pee any more, Douglas on the other hand, after seeing his friend this desperate to pee, reminded him of his own desperation, he danced in place, grabbing himself and squirming around.

A large spurt came out before he became erect also. They both barely made it to the bathroom. But before they got to the toilets, they realized they were fully erect, they didn’t feel the urge to pee, but felt the pain of their bladders and urethras cramping, keeping the pee inside. They still went to the bathroom at the same time. It was pure ecstasy for the both of them to finally pee, but especially Douglas because his bladder was far more sensitive with the fact that he never holds his pee whilst Oliver almost always holds his pee until he can barely hold it anymore, even during school hours which, admittedly, is not a good idea at all.

