Desperate in the mall

Author: OmoEva

*000*2018-02-05 09:13

Lain had been in the mall for quite some time. She had mainly been in the bookstore, browsing through books and seeing if there were any to add to her ever-growing collection. She loved books, any and all kinds. Lain really liked to expand her knowledge of everything she could study. She liked manga the best though, something about the artwork always caught her eye.

She was browsing through some books when she felt it. A sudden strong urge to pee. Lain bent over slightly and squeezed her thighs together tightly. It was a medical problem she had. She would get a sudden strong urge to pee, and would often have trouble holding it in and leak.

Lain was fine when she was younger, it wasn't until she turned 13 that the problem started. Doctors couldn't figure out why and just suggested she use panty liners and absorbent pads. No medications had helped her. She just had to deal with it and it happened at the most inconvenient times too. Doctors were baffled as it was as if she drank a lot of liquids, yet she didn't.

Lain had been doing so well with the problem recently, that unfortunately on this day, she wasn't wearing any protection. She bit her bottom lip and straightened up. It felt like she had drunk two very large water bottles. The pressure was building up and she knew it was only a matter of time before she started leaking. Lain put the books away and exited the bookstore.

Sadly for her, the restrooms were all the way on the lowest level and she was on the highest level. Lain began walking as fast as she possibly could with her close to bursting bladder.

"God I have to pee, I don't know if I can hold it in this time." Lain thought.

The pressure increased and pushed hard on her bladder and Lain stopped dead in her tracks. She could feel the pee rushing toward her urethra, ready to leak out.

"Please just wait! Hold on a little longer!" Lain begged her bladder.

But it was to no avail and Lain felt multiple spurts escape, dampening her panties. She squeezed her thighs together as tight as she could without people noticing. Lain managed to stop the leak for now. She began walking toward the stairs, as she didn't want to go in an elevator with tons of people right now. She took the steps two at a time, trying her hardest to keep control of her bladder.

Lain made it down the flight of stairs and was now on the fourth level. She was previously on the fifth level. The restrooms were on the first level. The elevators would have taken her faster, but she really didn't want people watching her in the elevator, while she desperately tries to hold her pee in. Lain began walking toward the flight of stairs to the third level. But suddenly a strong wave of pressure hit her.

She felt a tingling sensation at the tip of her urethra. Her thighs weren't currently tightly together, as she is trying to walk as quick as she possibly can. Lain fights desperately to keep it in. The pee threatening to leak out of her. Her urethra quivering as it struggles to close and hold it in.

Lain bites her lower lip, trying desperately to fight her body's urge to relax her urethra. She is currently stopped at the side of the walking area. Holding onto the railing overlooking the third floor. Lain is wearing tight jean colored skinny jeans with a shirt with cats on it. Underneath she is wearing a white bra and white cotton panties.

She has above shoulder short brown hair, hazel eyes, caucasian skin. A skinny body and size B breasts.

She can't fight it, her body's urge to relax it. Lain feels her panties grow warm and closes her eyes in relief. Until she remembers she is in the middle of the mall, pissing herself. Lain gasps quietly and crossing her legs tightly, holding herself in between her legs. Not caring that people might be staring.

Lain manages to slow down peeing and almost thinks that she is in the clear. She doesn't feel any pee coming out. Lain looks down at her jeans and sees that there is a baseball size wet spot at the front. She curses under her breath. Luckily she always brings her favorite black oversized hoodie with her, in a tote bag. In case of accidents or leaks.

She takes it out of her tote bag and slips it on, it covers the wet spot perfectly. Lain's bladder feels less pressure, currently and seems to be half full now. Or so her bladder made her think. In reality, it was still pretty full and about ready to burst. Lain didn't know this, however.

She takes a step toward the third-floor stairs and another step. So far so good. Lain takes the third step and feels an overwhelming pressure overpower her. She can't stop it this time. Her urethra relaxes completely, tired from all the holding.

Lain gasps loudly and holds herself, but pee is gushing out full blast. She feels the urine going down her legs and making a big puddle underneath her. All that pent up urine is finally escaping. Lain can't help but throw her head back and close her eyes. Letting out a moan of relief.

She finishes after several long minutes, and opens her eyes and looks down at the mess she made. She can't believe that that much liquid was inside of her. Her bladder gave her a lot of trouble. Lain wishes she had more control over it.

(Pictures aren't mine and are from Google. All rights go to the owners or makers of said pictures. This is just how I think Lain would look.)

$$

$$

$$

*003*2018-02-06 02:12

{{13 hours ago, AD51 said:

I really liked this story. I hope that there's more with this character.

}}

There will be :), I'm glad you liked this story.

