Vampires Don’t Pee

Author: Ordinaryalien

*000*2023-02-26 01:11

Part I— Ed Turns

Written by Will Holden

Commissioned by Bee Fuller

@@Ed was by all accounts an almost painfully ordinary guy. Every Monday through Friday, he drove his same preowned Chevy to his same boring office job, exchanged the same middling banter around the same water cooler with the same friendly but unremarkable coworkers. Then weekends were spent imbibing as much booze as his barely–above–minimum–wage paycheck would cover, then wash, rinse, repeat ad infinitum. There was however, even back then, one thing that made Ed just a little bit different from his fellow office drones, and clubbers. Ed often took that boring traffic-filled commute, and those watercooler talks— talks during which he almost always had a little paper cup or two of that weird room temperature office water himself— with his bladder still sloshing full of the previous night’s piss. And those long nights at the club, he would knock back shot after shot, mug after mug, watching other guys waddle desperately to the men’s room to “break the seal,” then make that same odyssey many more times throughout the night, while he remained at the bar, laughed at their weakness, and ordered another round. Ed wasn’t sure exactly when it had started for him, but ever since he could remember, he had taken a sort of odd pride in his iron bladder. There wasn’t much that Ed had on the other guys around him, but this was one talent—

@@if you could call it that— at which he could effortlessly wipe the floor with nearly any other guy he knew— And when it came to holding contests, floors needing wiping was always a very real possibility. It wasn’t much, but it gave him just that little boost of confidence he needed to make it through yet another monotonous day.

@@It was on one of his Saturday night excursions at a club he knew well, Trancium, that Ed would learn a cruel lesson in humility far too late. Normally, Ed made a point of relieving himself no more than three times a day even— no, especially— on days he went out drinking. He found it to be almost embarrassing to answer the call of nature with the rest of the weak–bladdered drunks. Tonight was different however, for two reasons: the first reason was straightforward enough. He had way overdone it. His last piss had been at noon today— His first and only release of the day. Now, it was well after one in the morning. Since then, he had easily drunk at least a litre of water, some tea, a glass of orange juice, and all of that was before he had even arrived at the club and decided to show off and order five beers all at once and shotgun them. Now, even Ed’s seemingly limitless bladder of steel was tender and pulsating, and it took everything in his power to keep from leaking spurts of hot yellow piss from his whimpering pee hole into his white loose–fitting boxers. The other reason? Well, that would be the same reason he had done something so boneheaded as shot-gunning that many beers at once in the first place. Ed had a date tonight. A beautiful, vivacious woman with bouncing pink hair named Alyssa he’d met on his last visit here. It was one thing to be forced to hold yourself, or worse get caught leaking in public under ordinary circumstances— already completely mortifying, but on a date? Out of the question. Like any sane person with probably three liters and thirteen hours of boiling piss roiling like a tsunami against the world’s tiniest floodgate to escape their overtaxed bladder, Ed decided it was time to call it, and politely excused himself to go use the men’s room.

@@As he got from up his seat, a fresh wave of desperation hit him, and he audibly groaned from the excruciating strain it took to keep the contents of his own personal ocean safely inside of him in. He felt a single half of a dribble form at the edge of his exhausted pee hole. He willed it to go back inside somehow, it of course, did not oblige. If only he had known that that single dribble would be one of the last semblances of relief his poor bladder would ever experience again. He squeezed his thighs together, trying not to make it obvious just how frantic with desperation he was in front of his beautiful companion, and waddled carefully towards the men’s room. While he was walking very slowly, trying his best not to let a single leak slip, men clearly infinitely less desperate than he was easily stepped in front of him, and by the time he got to the men’s room—single stall, of course, just his luck— a line had formed. He bit his lip, and felt himself almost tear up, praying to every deity he could think of for the line to at least move quickly. By the time he was near the front of the line, Ed swore his bladder must have weighed as much as a bowling ball, and his hands had found their way to his pockets, where they formed a chokehold around the head of his poor straining, twitching cock.

The guy in front of him went in, and his throbbing pee hole almost released another spurt in anticipation. He pinched it off, reminding himself that relief was close, so very, very close—But not there. Not yet. Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he saw his date sauntering towards him. He guessed that she must be headed for the ladies’ room and tried his best to pull himself together lest she see him in his current pathetic state. Instead, she walked directly up to him. His desperate cock danced up and down in protest. He was so close, and now he was going to have to have a conversation, so painfully close to relief and not show how achingly desperate he was. It felt almost too cruel to bear.

“Uh h-hey, Alyssa,” he stammered through clenched teeth, “What’s uh… What’s up?”

She gave a low chuckle that had an odd menace to it. Ed felt a shiver run up his spine, and this time it wasn’t yet another urgent warning signal from his straining bladder. Still, it didn’t help, and he squeezed his legs together even tighter just moments too late to stop another dribble from starting to form at the tip of his straining cock. “Oh Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, you are adorable.” Alyssa ran the back of her hand lightly along his cheek and pressed him against the wall. He felt his cock twinge again, for a different reason, and the momentary change in sensation nearly caused him to lose another spurt. He let out a little whimper despite himself.

“Hey Alyssa, can you just h-h-hold that thought for one second? It’s just that I’m next in line and…” He looked down and trailed off, embarrassed to admit just how close his bladder was to exploding in a gushing yellow mess in his pants right there.

Alyssa didn’t budge, just traced his jawline once again, “You’re cute. But I have a confession to make.”

“Oh y-y-yeah?” Ed stammered as he heard the sound of a toilet flushing, the rushing water, and the knowledge of just how close relief was nearly made him lose it on the spot once again, but he clenched every muscle in his body, and instead gently tried to push Alyssa off of him, “I’m really sorry Alyssa, but I promise you I’ll be right back.” Her grip was like iron and didn’t give an inch.

“I’m sorry. I can’t let you do that Eddie-poo. See, there’s something I really need to tell you. And it can’t wait another moment.” The door handle turned, and a tall man exited wearing the look of blissful relief Eddie would have given his left arm to share.

Another guy came from down the hall, “Excuse me,” he asked, holding himself in a way Ed desperately wished he had the freedom to do at the moment, “Are you in line? Sorry if I’m interrupting it’s just that I’ve had three beers, and hoo boy… My teeth are floating!”

“Yes!” Ed almost shouted, tears forming in his eyes.

“No, go right ahead.” Alyssa talked over him. The man looked between the two of them with a bit of confusion for a moment, before Ed heard the sound of a soft hiss, as a small wet patch formed at the front of the man’s trousers. The man appeared to panic, grabbed himself with both hands, and rushed into the bathroom without further hesitation, slamming the door behind him. Ed’s pee hole twinged and throbbed enviously, sending a shock of pain up his bladder, and through his cock.

“Why did you do that?” He whimpered, then, scarcely believing the words were leaving his mouth, he whispered with a shaking voice, “I–I really need to go, okay?” Even through the door, Ed could hear the absolute roaring gush of what had to be almost about half as much boiling urine as occupied Ed’s own tormented bladder rushing with the speed of a high-intensity water canon into the toilet bowl. Ed’s dick jumped up and down several times violently, begging for the relief he still stubbornly refused it.

“I needed to get you alone, Ed, darling, so I could do this.” She tilted his chin up, pressed her lips to the hollow of his neck, and suddenly, Ed felt a new type of pain entirely course through his entire body. One that almost drowned out the agony radiating from his tortured bladder. Almost. It was like two tiny little knives stabbing him in the neck, and then he felt the suction, and a venomous burn in his veins, and he started to go weak.

“It’s like I was trying to tell you before Eddie darling, I didn’t ask you here for a date. I asked you here for dinner. Well, to be my dinner, that is. But it’s all going to be okay, see, in just a moment, I’ll have sucked you dry, and none of this will matter.” Ed struggled, trying to get out a scream, to get away, something. But she was so strong, and it was all he could do just to keep his floodgates shut, because even then, Ed just couldn’t quite manage to swallow his pride.

Just as Ed felt himself start to lose consciousness, another guy approached him to get in line, and saw them. Alyssa hissed and shrieked like a feral cat and fled the scene at an impossible speed, leaving Ed with nothing left to do but collapse shaking to the ground. He couldn’t decide which was worse, the burning venom that was now coursing through his veins, or the waves of shock that screamed through his bulging bladder as he hit the floor.

“Whoa, you okay, man,” his accidental saviour asked.

Ed grabbed his burning cock, preventing a spurt from leaking out, and nodded though he knew it wasn’t true. It took him several tries, but he managed to get onto his knees, and desperately clawed at the men’s room door, “Please…” He begs, “I – I just need to…” He twisted his legs like a pretzel, and knocked on the door with all his remaining strength, “Can’t… Can’t hold much longer… Please…”

“Uh sorry bro,” came the oblivious response from the other side of the door, “gonna be occupado for at least a few more minutos.”

Ed finally broke down and openly sobbed, clinging onto his throbbing cock for dear life. No, no, no. This could not be happening. Ed couldn’t even process that he’d just been bitten by a vampire, all he knew was that no matter what happened after this, he couldn’t just lose control in the middle of a club like this. It was completely out of the question. He was Iron-Bladdered Ed. He didn’t just have accidents in the middle of a public club like some sort of weakling.

“Dude, I hate to say it, but maybe you should just like… Go. Whatever that chick did to you looks like kind of a medical emergency. You should probably go to the hospital. Nobody is going to judge you if you piss yourself right now. Hell, that guy over there just did it, and he didn’t even get bitten by some freaky chick,” the man behind him in line tried to reassure him.

@@“No, you don’t understand. I don’t do that. I’ll never do that!” He almost shouted through tears. He felt a change come over him. Suddenly, the burning in his veins died down. His hearing amplified, and it made the sound of the flush he’d been desperately waiting for even louder than he was expecting. The near–deafening rush of water added yet another torment to his already tortured bladder. The door opened, and he forced himself into a standing position, doubled over clutching at his crotch, he waddled in, and shut the door. He caught a brief glimpse of the mirror, and if he hadn’t been in such desperate agony, he would have done a double take— But there was no time to think about anything that wasn’t the toilet and the steps between him and the ecstasy of draining nearly three full litres of piss from the bursting dam inside his abdomen. Finally, he stood over the toilet. After everything he’d been through, it almost felt like a dream. Ed swore he could almost hear a choir of serenading angels as he pulled his throbbing dick out of his trousers, finally relaxed his tired, painfully pulsating pee hole, or at least he tried to, and… Nothing happened. The hole remained pulled tightly shut. Maybe he held too long. Ed takes a long breath and tried again. And again. And again. And yet again. Still, no matter how hard he tried, nothing moved. Here he was, his bulging bladder jutting out several inches over his hips, standing directly over the toilet, cock out and ready, yet relief was somehow further away than it had ever been. He just barely resisted the urge to cry again, knowing it wouldn’t help anything. Instead, he pressed down on his bladder, hoping to get the long-awaited flow started manually. The sensation hurt so badly he let out a moan of pure agony, yet still not a single dribble of piss escaped his pounding bladder for his trouble. He tried desperately to remember what other tricks he’d heard for peeing when it was hard to get started. He went to the sink to turn the water on, and that’s when he finally realized the nature of his situation. As the water started flowing, Ed’s knees naturally squeezed together, but it was completely unnecessary. Ed’s reflection in the mirror was gone. Ed had been bitten by a vampire, and now had been turned into one too.

There’s one thing nobody really talks about when it comes to vampires. Sure, everyone knows they can move fast, have inhuman strength, drink blood, all that good stuff. And everyone knows they don’t show up in mirrors, and can’t handle the sunlight, garlic, crucifixes, the basics. But, there’s something else no vampire can do once they have turned, and dear reader I suspect you may have already got an inkling what it is— Vampires cannot urinate. At all. Ever. For most, that’s not an issue. Vampires don’t make new urine, and any normal person would naturally piss themselves from the pain of the turning process if they had needed to go when they were bitten. Ed, unfortunately for him, was not most people when he was human, and now he has an eternity to live, and he will spend every second of it just as painfully desperate as he was that night. Forever.

*002*2023-03-03 12:44

{{On 3/2/2023 at 2:04 AM, hydroStorm said:

Absolutely great!!

}}

Thank you so much! :)

