A Not-So-Casual Walk in the Park

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2022-07-03 10:08

My 6th writing; for this one I wanna try writing from the viewpoint of my character Mali instead of third person, spice things up a bit! This time I'm putting Mali into her own shoes and having her describe a new wet experience of her own. Hope you enjoy!

___

Mali [F] - 20 y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

Yuta [M] - 20 y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; sometimes wonders how it would feel to be on her end.

###

I just had an amazing day start to finish. I had off today, and I was staying over at Yuta's as usual. We had a mellow evening last night after I got home from work and ended up going to bed relatively early. However, last night I got into a mood and wanted some kinky stuff to happen. Not immediately because we were both tired, but something to get us going the next day. So, I spent my last few minutes awake mapping out the next day in my head - what I would drink, the timing of it all, what I would wear - and then tell Yuta the next day. ; )

And so that day came, we woke up and lied around for a few minutes. I discussed my plan with him, and he happily agreed to it. I was now set to drink, fill up my bladder, and grow desperate through the whole day. When I felt that I would be getting close to leaking, I would take a stroll to my local park and do my best to walk around as inconspicuous as possible, trying not to leak. Just thinking back to it turns me on, it's such an exciting premise! : )

And so off I went. The first thing I did out of bed was shuffling over to the bathroom and doing my last bit of business for a good portion of the day. Plus, this way, I could have more fun for longer, starting fresh instead of half full from the nighttime. Afterwards I dressed in comfortable sweats and a T-shirt, and it was about 9:30 or so in the morning when I grabbed a glass of water and headed outside with Yuta for some morning socials browsing for the both of us. It will never stop amazing me how much time can pass just scrolling without another care in the world, because by the time we moved onto a different activity, the time was already approaching 11:00.

We made some breakfast, eggs and bacon, and hopped back into our bedroom to continue binging some Netflix series. It wasn't that good, so much that I won't even bother saying the name of it. Me and him did get a kick out of it though, there were some moments so poorly filmed, written, or acted that we actually found funny. With me during this time I had some cranberry juice that I downed a bit too quick. During our binge I started to feel some pressure under my stomach, making me shift from laying down to slouching semi-upwards. After the juice I poured some more water and continued binging.

Around 1:00, I was nearly finished with that glass and really started feeling the heat. I was in all sorts of sitting positions, cross-legged, legs together, crossed in my lap, and flat on the floor. At this point I couldn't sit still for long before switching again, maybe a few minutes or so at a time. "Sitting still" wasn't even an accurate description, since I fidgeted my hips and legs the whole time, too. I even liked to lay on my stomach a bit here and there - the pressure on my bladder against the solid floor felt amazing - that was until after a minute or so when it became a concern whether or not I was actually going to leak a bit! ^~^ Yuta glanced over at me a few times and kept silent, but I did catch him a few times crossing his legs out of my view hiding something, definitely not for the same reason I was crossing mine!

It was 1:40 in the afternoon when we stopped that show, and it was also the time I finished that glass of water! If I had to guess, I'd say that I had somewhere near 2 cups or 0.4 L at the time and I was very aware of it. The squirming began, including the physical motions necessary to distract myself. I talked to Yuta about it for the first time since the morning, telling him how I was growing desperate. He said he could tell, and that it reminded him that he too was starting to feel a need to go.

He excused himself from the room and headed into the bathroom. And fun fact!: our bathroom is very close to the bedroom and only one wall apart, so I could hear him splashing into the toilet and imagined to myself how good that would feel if it was me in there! He finished up and flushed, and I had to try SO hard then and there not to leak. I had to stand to keep myself in check. Yuta came out and saw me standing, tip-toed with my hands over my front legs. I felt so embarrassed that I turned away from him to sit back down again, all the while I'm pretty sure he got hard again! -v-

Seeing as I was already desperate, I made a deadly choice that ended up being my downfall in the end (no pun intended), which was brewing a cup of coffee for me and Yuta. The brewing itself was difficult to get through, hearing more liquid pitter patters was the last thing I needed at that moment! I got the two mugs and waddled back over to our room where we started yet another sub-par flick, this time a movie. With each sip of coffee I took from then on I felt on its way to add to my already near-full bladder. I was so concentrated on that, my position, and distracting myself that I couldn't even pay attention to the movie! The sound just went in one ear and out the other! I don't think we got too far into it though, because at 2:14 precisely, a switch inside me flipped and I knew what had to be done.

I shot up standing, Yuta slightly surprised because he was so into the movie, and told him to get ready to go. He got the message quick, and was going to get his keys when I decided to change. I stripped from my comfort clothes and started the painstakingly slow process of getting some new clothes on. I picked out black underwear, a nice blouse and some gray jeans and fit them on, only that the jeans took five times as long to get on. XD Trying to put my legs into the holes was a challenge, compressing my bladder each attempt I took, successful or not. I finally got them on and pulled them up. Buttoning them put extra pressure on my bladder as well. I began to come to my senses that this wouldn't be as much of a walk in the park as I thought it would be.

It's nearly 2:20 now, and I was making my way down to the park one step at a time. At a glance you may haven't noticed anything off about me, but if you walked behind me or at a closer distance you would've been able to tell that I was not doing ok. I was walking with my hips swinging side to side. I wasn't walking, I was more putting one leg in front of the other over and over again, getting myself closer and closer to my destination. Everything was becoming hazy to me, how intense I was holding back my urge to let loose at any moment. Yuta was by my side, helping me when I needed it but also doing his best to stand back and watch me with his penetrating stare when he got the chance, that sly ass!

5 minutes later we made it to the public park. People were walking their dogs, elderly couples took strolls and sat down on benches, trees swayed, and I was fighting on the frontlines! I was sweating although it wasn't even warm out, my legs were shut together tight, my fists clenched, and I can't even begin to imagine the look I had on my face - a mix of desperation and a strained natural public expression. I felt only tightness and tingling at my crotch, my pussy already drenched from the excitement I forced myself through. Although it was a struggle, putting on this show in public was a turn on I didn't think I would enjoy as much as I did! And then it started...

*fsh*

I made a "peep" sort of gasp. Yuta quickly raised his head to glance. It was brief, but a small burst filled my underwear. My hands shot down and I leaned forward. I felt around for the damage, and felt a small wet spot on the front half of my underside. My jeans weren't too thick, which added to the risk-factor of someone noticing my leaks, making it more exciting. Yuta was also doing his best to hide his excitement at his crotch from any eyes that may be watching. My time was going to be running out soon, and I had to do my very best to cover it up. I perked my head up and scanned all around for a bathroom. I couldn't see one, but I could see a sign telling me that there was a bathroom ahead of it, less than 0.1 km away. That was my glimmer of hope in not publicly humiliating myself to the maximum. I felt a small wave of relief upon seeing that sign. A small wave? I thought to myself. Relief?!

*pssshhh psshh psh psh*

I shoved my hands into my pussy from outside my jeans trying to stop the leaks. My legs spread apart, my knees turned inward and bent down. My whole underside was drenched, even dripping a small bit, and Yuta got a front row seat to the show trying to shield the view of my small accident. This was the point where I really regretted the cup of coffee and how it flowed right through me. I had to hurry.

Hunched over I shuffle from side to side at a hasty pace, determination mixed with lustful sensation in my eyes. One hand acted as a guard for my groin and the other along with my shoulder helped my stride in moving forward. Few people noticed but those who did understood pretty quick what I was going through. They silently related to their own predicaments they've experienced, all the while unaware of my true intentions. Yuta following closely behind helped mask these intentions further by making it seem truly like an accident (which it technically still was ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ).

We finally made it to the sign, and the bathroom was in sight. All we had to do was make it there and we'd both be in the clear. I could see that it was unisex too. Perfect! I thought. We trudge through the remaining distance undeterred. I felt a *pss* and a *dribble* escape from me, and turn into a constant leakage, but I didn't care. I didn't care that my hand was getting messy, I didn't care that dark streaks started to form on my jeans, and I didn't care that my golden rain was trickling and splashing onto the park's paved road. I was enjoying the hell out of this, as much as I was suffering. My crotch was totally wet with a small constant flow making its way out. But finally, to our amazement, we made it to the unisex.

I swing open the door and stumble in, not hesitating to leave a trail behind me. There's enough walking space to fit several people in the room. Yuta quickly jumps in behind me and shuts the door. I scramble to undo my pants. I try to undo my button. It doesn't budge. My bladder had swollen so much that my waist grew a margin bigger, making my jeans, and my button, tighter.

"Oh fuck, NO!!~" I shout out.

"What's wrong??" Yuta asks worriedly.

"THE BUTTON'S STUCK!!"

*frmm* *trickle* *splash splash* I stumble around trying my hardest to undo the stupidest button I've encountered in my life. Yuta told me it was about 5 seconds but to me it felt like several minutes; I finally managed to slip them off my waist. My piss has been high pressure bursting through a faulty but tight hole, but now is in full throttle as I still remain standing. Yuta has backed up as far as he could into the corner of the bathroom, but still can't avoid getting splashed. I throw my soaked jeans down to the ground around my ankles, crouched over in my last attempts to restrain my stream. I turn facing away from the toilet and realize that my panties were still on! *dribble splash splash* Urgently I fiddle to get them loose and swing them down with the jeans. My stream in this instance was directed all into my panties and jeans and frantically scramble to sit down. I land with a plop and...

*fshhhhhhhhhhhhhh* - the noise that filled that bathroom to the brim. I looked around. There was a huge white-gold lake in the center of the bathroom, a smaller but sizable pond of it in front of the toilet, a splotched toilet seat, and nearly every square inch of the floor sprayed from the splash as I was fiddling with my jeans and trying to sit down. Yuta stood in the corner, his pants stained also from the splash. He was breathing heavy, as if feeling the same way I was feeling; he was also turned on. My entire lower half as well as both of my hands were dripping wet. The same could be said about my clothes below the waist. I continued reliving myself for another minute, the pressure dropping in intensity until all was reduced to a dribble.

Me and Yuta laughed in ecstasy at the climax that unfolded. Before cleaning up, we both satisfied each other's lustful needs. We calmed down and cleaned up the mess with the paper towels that the bathroom conveniently had. It was a long process but eventually everything was dry. We're getting ready to leave when I realize that I'll have to put back on my already wetted jeans. I don't mind doing this, but I didn't need others knowing that I soiled myself completely at 20. XP I put my jeans into the sink and completely drench them, making it all look all one uniform shade of grey. All better. Me and Yuta take our leave and head home. It's the same day and I'm writing this from bed, still on some adrenaline reminiscing today's events. Thanks everyone for reading, I hope you enjoyed reading about my clutz-ass! ; )

___

Thanks for reading! It was lots of fun writing this in first person. I hope I kept the tone and word choice consistent enough, and sorry if I didn't :[ . I wanna give credit again to a favorite artist of mine Rune (https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/25170019) for some inspiration art for Mali's outcome in this ordeal! - (https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/98560804

And https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/98624593

) I hope you enjoyed, and please let me know of any ideas you have regarding what I write about next! : )

*002*2022-07-05 15:55

{{On 7/3/2022 at 5:14 PM, orangelion said:

I enjoyed the first person perspective in this one! I have an idea for another story.

Mali comes home already desperate because she was planning on having some desperation fun. She gets home and sees a plumber working on the toilet. There was a problem, so Yuta had to call a plumber to fix it. Now Mali can't have her pee fun and has to wait for the plumber to fix the toilet on top of that.

}}

I really like the idea! I’ll probably end up using this as my next prompt, thank you!

