I`m accepting suggestions. - Page 2

Author: OmoGamer32

*030*2023-03-02 16:14

{{7 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I have 4 questions.

1. are you still taking requests?

2. do you accept intentional desperation/peeing scenarios?

3. do you want repeats or new requests?

4.are these commissioned or non-commissioned?

I think that there should be a story about Palutena finding out that she likes to hold her pee,so she decides to hold it during a fight with Lucina and zero suit samus on garreg Mach monastery, meanwhile Lucina and zero suit samus also have to pee but they both secretly have a crush on Palutena and share her fetish of pee holding, so they try to one up each other on trying to impress her with their moves.

And after the battle palutena,lucina,and zero suit samus all go to the bathroom in the women's toilet inside the smash bros locker room with the latter two still arguing about who will confess their love to her first and palutena gets annoyed and leaves the bathroom to pee somewhere else, but then she sees pit talking to bayonetta so she interrupts their conversation so that she can take him with her to let him watch her pee while she talks about her fight and complain about having to hear people argue unaware that she was the object of Lucina and zero suit samus affections in the first place.

}}

1 and 4. No,they're not commissions. I accept suggestions for free. Though whether or not i do them depends on how familiar i am with the source material.

2.If you mean intentionally holding it for as long as possible,then yeah. It's not somehing i do very often but i'm willing.

3.Depends on what you mean with "repeat" I'm willing to write stories for characters i've already done as long as it's different.

As for your idea. I'll keep it in mind. As there are currently some other ideas i'd like to get out of the way first.

*031*2023-03-02 16:45

Also,i just wanted to throw it out there since this thread has been gaining a bit more traction in recent months.

I've updated the "about me" section on my profile again. You can find what i am and am not willing write there. Please give it a look.

*034*2023-03-10 19:17

{{On 3/9/2023 at 12:33 AM, RAYquazaOmo said:

Do you do male characters? If so how about Digby from Animal Crossing?

}}

I'm willing to do male character yeah,i'll keep it in mind.

