Super Desperate Princess Peach

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-09-10 22:02

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

Our story begins in in the middle of Hoo's Woods. Princess Peach slowly descended from the sky with her yellow parasol. She landed safely and spun her parasol,revealing that it had a face.

"Here we are! Now let's see...wich way do we go?" The Parasol asked.Peach thought about it when suddenly,she heard a toad Screaming.

"Sounds like there's a toad nearby. Let's go,Perry!" Peach told the parasol. The princess started running in the direction the voice came from with a determined expression on her face. she jumped over a pipe and landed on a bridge made out of green blocks.

"Look out,princess!" Perry yelled. Peach turned around to see 3 angry koopas charging towards her. Peach jumped and landed on the koopa in the front,causing him to retreat in his shell. One of the other koopa's tried to grab her,but Peach stepped away and whacked him with Perry. she then used the shell to knock away the other Koopa.

"Dear me....the Vibe Scepter has made these Koopa's more relentless than usual...." Peach said with an exhausted tone. The Vibe scepter is a wand capable of controlling other's emotions. It's thanks to this wand that Bowser was able to storm her castle. Not only did he kidnap some of her toads,but also the Mario Bros. With nobody else left,Peach left the castle with her new friend Perry in order to save her toads and the Mario Bros.

"Wait...Princess,do you hear that?" Perry asked. Peach stayed quiet and listened. There were a bunch of squeaking noises coming from the other side of the bridge. Peach crossed the bridge to see where the noise came from and saw a bunch of bats.

"Hello there..."Peach said to the bats.

"Hello?! Anyone there?!" A muffled voice asked.

"That voice! It's definitely a toad!" Perry said. Peach leaned to the side and tried to look behind the bats,but they hovered in front of her and blocked her view.

"Umm..may i please see what's behind you guys?" Princess Peach asked politely. The bats started queaking and moving closer.

"Please? It will only take on second..." Peach asked. The bats kept squeaking and moving closer until they suddenly swarmed her.

"H-Hey! Stop that! Stop!" Peach yelled as the bats kept swarming her.

"STOP THAT THIS INSTANT!" Peach said as her entire body suddenly burst into flames. The bats immediately backed away.

"THIS IS NOT HOW YOU TREAT A PRINCESS!" Peach yelled. the bats quickly flew away from the angry princess. Peach calmed down and the fire around her body disappeared. She then looked at the path the bats were blocking. There was a purple block jumping up and town and that block was repeatly saying "Is anyone there?!"

"Hello?!"

"Get me outta here!" Peach swung Perry and struck the box,causing it to split open and reveal a toad.

"Huh?" P-Princess Peach? You saved me! Thank you so much your highness!" The toad said. Peach smiled and gave the toad a hug. Once she let go of him,she told him to go back to the castle and keep an eye on it. The toad nodded and into the opposite direction of where peach came from.

"Another Toad rescued! We're doing so well!" Perry said.

Peach nodded and continued her adventure. She kept walking forward,looking around for any toads or enemies that might've been affected by the vibe scepter. However,she started feeling a little uncomfortable as she walked. Peach's calm expression was replaced with that of worry as she realized what was wrong; she needed to use the ladies room. About an hour had passed since she left the castle. She had just come back from a trip and didn't even have a chance to enter the castle before Toadsworth ran up to her and told her about all the chaos that was going on in the castle. Upon being informed,she left the castle without using her bathroom.

Peach stopped and looked around to see where to go next. All while having her legs crossed, which thankfully (for her) wasn't visible due to her dress. She saw a couple of Koopa's marching forward,but these didn't seem to be affected by the scepter as they were completely calm. Peach decided to leave them alone and continue exploring.

###

As she got further and further into the woods,Peach was feeling more and more regret over neglecting to use one of the castle restrooms. She had been exploring the woods for about an half hour and the pressure in her bladder was constantly bothering her. There were plenty of bushes that could've been used,but Peach wasn't planning on taking care of business there. not only was that unbecoming for a princess,but there was also the chance that an enemy could ambush her as she had ran into a fair share of angry enemies.

"Woah,look out princess!" Perry said. Peach stopped walking and saw a huge bed of spikes in front of her. It was too long for her to jump over,even with Perry there to slow down her descent. that's when she saw a couple of Paratroopas flying by while singing happily. That's when she got an idea. She started spinning around and singing. She spun so fast that she started flying. she started hovering over the spikes while she continued singing with joy. However,she felt a twinge in her bladder. This caused her to slowly descent.

Peach tried to ignore the pressure and kept singing. thankfully,she started rising again before her feet could touch the bed of spikes below. she safely landed on the other side and let out a sigh of relief.

"Princess? are you okay?' Perry asked.

"Yes Perry,i am fine." Peach tried to assure the parasol.

"Are you sure you highness? you almost landed on those spikes while you were feeling joy. is something bothering you?" Perry asked.

"I can assure you i am feeling fine,Perry." Peach said as she started walking again....

###

"Oh....i really need to pee..." Peach thought to herself. An hour had passed and she had yet to find a way out of the woods. Her bladder was even more full and it felt like the possibility of her leaving the forest and finding a bathroom was becoming smaller and smaller. Not only that but....

"Princess,look!" Perry said,Peach looked in front of her and saw a river with a few logs floating in it. Peach gritted her teeth at the sight of the river as it only served to remind her of how badly she needed to go. Peach jumped and opened Perry,slowly descending from her jump until she landed on one of the logs. She then jumped again and landed on another. she kept jumping while trying to ignore all the signals her bladder was sending her.

She landed on the other side and kept walking while trying to ignore the river. Unfortunately for her,trying not to think about her need proved to be difficult as there were several waterfalls and rivers in these woods. with the princess having to jump over most of them. she placed her free hand between her legs and looked around. The further she into the woods,the more she contemplated peeing in the bushes. Still,she couldn't bring herself to do so,as she had to hold Perry and the thought of telling him she wanted to pee in the open was to embarrassing.

Her thoughts were interrupted when she saw a shadow looming over her. Peach looked up and quickly moved away from the shadow. A giant Owl landed behind peach and let out a loud "hoo".

"Princess!" another voice said. Peach looked behind the owl and saw another one of her toads on the owls back and this toad was trapped inside a green bubble.

"We gotta save that toad! Are you ready princess?" Perry asked. whoever,he could feel peach shifting a little.

"Princess?" Perry asked.

"Hmmm? Oh,uhh....yeah! Let's save the toad!" Peach said.

The owl laid a few eggs and took flight. the eggs hatched and a couple of baby owls started chasing after Peach. The princess whacked them all away with Perry. the Owl got mad and dived towards Peach jumped over the Owl and smacked it with Perry.

The Owl laid a few more eggs and took flight again. Peach destroyed one of the eggs,but the others hatched. One of the hatchings jumped on her. Right as it did that,Peach could feel a spurt escaping. Peach quickly knocked away the owl and jammed her free hand between her legs. the other baby owls jumped on her, but she smacked them all away with Perry. The owl tried to dive bomb her again,but Peach smacked it over the head again just as it closed in on her. The Owl started laying eggs again. Peach started running around and whacking the eggs before they could reach the ground. she then jumped up and smacked the owl again.

The owl landed and started jumping up and down,causing the ground to shake and causing peach to let out another spurt.

Suddenly,the floor under her collapsed. Peach and the owl fell down. Peach looked up and saw multiple eggs falling towards her. she quickly struck them away with Perry and looked up to see the owl spinning around with joy.

"Looks like it got affected by the vibe scepter too..."Perry said. the owl spun towards peach,but she managed to move out of the way in time. While the owl was under her,she smacked it on the head with perry. The owl let out another "Hoo" and tried to strike her with it's wings,but peach moved out of the way. It started laying eggs again,but peach once again struck away all those eggs with her parasol companion.

Peach took a deep breath and started singing happily,with Music notes floating around her body. she slowly started rising towards the owl. The owl laid more eggs,causing peach to lose focus.She quickly blocked the eggs with Perry and slowly descended away from the owl. Peach closed her eyes and tried her best to ignore the pressure in her bladder. She started singing again and rising. the owl laid more eggs in an attempt to take her down,but peach spun around and dodged the eggs. Peach kept rising until she was face to face with the owl and....

*SMACK!!!!!*

She swung Perry down and send the Owl crashing into the floor below. Upon colliding with the floor,it exploded. The toad inside the bubble broke free and started celebrating. Peach slowly descended from the sky and landed near the toad. Upon landing she crossed her legs and placed her free hand between them.

"Princess!" the toad yelled. Peach let out an "eep" and turned to the toad.

"Thank you so much princess! That was so scary! I am eternally grateful!" the toad said as it started jumping around. Peach nervously smiled as the toad kept praising her. She was very thankful he couldn't see her shifting her weight from one foot to the other due to her dress.

###

The moon was now in the sky and the exit of the woods wasn't didn't seem to be any close. So Peach and Parry had to set up camp for the night.

Perry stared at the campfire in front of it with a smile.

"Today has been quite a day,eh princess?" Perry said.

Peach just kept staring at the campfire while nervously shaking. She was way past her limit and knew she was going to have an accident if she didn't go now.

"Princess?" Perry asked.

"Oh...uhh...yeah,it was quite though..."Peach said as she kept staring at the campfire. a few more minutes had passed and Peach could feel another spurt escaping. This one caused her to let out a moan. She quickly placed both of her hands between her legs in an attempt to regain control of her bladder.

"H-Hey...Perry? I'm...feel embarrassed to say this but....huh?" Peach stopped talking as she looked at the sentient parasol. It seemed to be deep in slumber right now. he was muttering something about a grandpa. Peach saw this as a chance to relieve herself. She slowly got up and walked away from the campfire while trying to make as little noise as possible. Once she felt like she was far enough away,she looked around to make sure she had the privacy she need.

"This is so embarrassing..." Peach said to herself as she lifted her dress,revealing some pink panties with a red ribbon on it and a wet spot. She pulled down her panties and crouched,slowly spreading her legs until her butt was hovering right above the ground. Peach looked around one more time and relaxed.A stream of pee jetted out of her body and splattered against the dirt.

"A.....Ahhhh~" Peach moaned loudly. a loud hissing sound could be heard as Peach's stream slowly darkened the dirt more and more until a puddle started forming. She let out another sigh as she continued emptying her bladder. She tried to keep her balance as she could feel her legs shaking. Peach looked around again and sighed.

"What would Toadsworth think if he saw me doing this...what would Mario think? I'm so glad i'm alone here..." Peach thought. and she was also glad that it was almost over as she could feel her stream getting weaker and weaker until only a couple of spurts came out. Peach waited for a while before standing up and pulling her panties back up. There was nothing to wipe with,so she had to deal with having wet panties for a while. Feeling more relaxed,the princess returned to the campsite where Perry was still soundly asleep.

She sat back down and looked at the sky.

"Mario.....don't worry...Just wait. I'll save you. I'll save you just like you save me...." Peach thought to herself.

