Makima teaches Himeno a Lesson

Author: NoahEdar0483

*000*2024-08-07 07:06

Hello everyone! Apologies for not making a story or updating any stories lately! I am back with a Chainsaw Man related story, involving Makima and Himeno! Before we begin, I just wanted to thank everyone for the comments, and for getting me to the "Soggy" rank, lmao! Anyway, enough talk, let's just get into it!!! 😄

A small streak of light shined through the curtains of an apartment and onto a bed. It directly shined right in the eye of a woman who was fast asleep. At first, she paid no attention to it, but eventually she could no longer ignore it. She opened her eye, and then quickly shut it and looked away, the brightness bringing pain to her head. Opening and shutting them, she slowly got used to it, and began processing what was happening. She tried to move her hand to rub her aching head, but found that she was unable to. Great. She looked down the bed, and noticed that she was almost completely nude, with the exception of a very small pair of black panties. She tried to move her legs together, as they were spread very far apart, but found that she was unable to do that as well. The woman looked around, and noticed that ropes were wrapped around her wrists and ankles, and they bound her to the bed.

The woman sighed. Last night’s drinking must’ve gotten out of control. She thought about if someone, or multiple people, tied her up, then they’d be here to untie her. Again, the woman sighed. Hopefully she didn’t hurt anyone too badly last night.

“Uh…hey guys…I’m awake now…can you please-” Suddenly, a huge wave of desperation surged through her lower abdomen, in her bladder. She drank a lot last night, and she must’ve not broken the seal at all. She really needed to pee! She struggled against her bonds, trying to escape to go to the restroom, or to even make herself more comfortable, but they must have tied her down good, because she could barely move a muscle!

“Okay guys, I’m awake now! Please untie me!” the woman bemoaned, using as much of her strength as she could to even bring her knees together, to no avail. Strangely, no one answered her. She noticed that the hall light was on, but no one was coming. Surely they didn’t all just leave her!

“Denji! Aki! Anybody?!”

Once again, no one answered. The woman sighed. Maybe this is what she gets for not being able to handle that much liquor…

Suddenly, she heard someone in another room. “H-hey! Are any of you guys there? C’mon, I really need to-” but before she could finish her sentence, another woman appeared. She had long, coral hair, yellow eyes, and a slender build. She was wearing dark purple lingerie, and the woman was somewhat taken aback by this.

“Why hello, Himeno,” the woman greeted. She had a soft, gentle smile on her face, but her eyes were filled with malice. Himeno tried to conceal her blinding desperation to pee, but she couldn’t help herself from quivering her legs.

“M-Makima?! What are you doing here?!” she asked. Makima continued to smile, and walked closer to the bed.

“We have a lot to talk about, Himeno.” She crawled up onto the bed, and proceeded to straddle on top of Himeno: right on top of her filled bladder. Himeno winced, and made a sharp inhale. Makima tilted her head to the side in seeming confusion, keeping her ominous smile on her face.

“What was that reaction for?” she asked mischievously. Himeno’s bladder was practically screaming for relief, but she thought against telling her boss how desperate she was.

“Um…I was just…s-surprised. This is pretty, um…intimate, wouldn’t you s-say?” Himeno had to pee so badly that she could barely form coherent sentences. Makima leaned forward, until their noses were about a centimeter away from touching.

“You were trying to get information out of me last night, Himeno. I won’t tolerate that, and so you have to be punished. It’s only natural, right?”

“Wh-what are you talking about?”

“Oh, don’t act like you don’t know. You and Aki tried to get my tongue loosened with alcohol last night. That didn’t work out so well for either of you, didn’t it? Well, at least now I know the perfect way to punish you…” she touched Himeno’s nose with her finger, and then slowly brought it down to her bladder. A drop of sweat formed on Himeno’s forehead.

“Um…what do you-”

“You never managed to break the seal last night. I watched you last night, and you never pissed even once. You must be using every fiber of your being to keep yourself from just…exploding.” Makima then lifted herself off Himeno, and then brought her butt back down on her throbbing bladder. Himeno let out a moan, but she kept the liquids inside. Makima kept bouncing on top of her, and Himeno struggled against her bonds, absolutely desperate to help her poor urethra keep the large amounts of piss from drenching herself and her bed.

“Aw, does someone need to pee? Are you going to pee yourself like a little girl? Ohhh, poor thing, I can see it in your eyes…or should I say, ‘eye’? Either way, you’re on the brink of having an accident, aren’t you?”

Indeed, Himeno was almost shedding tears from how viciously her bladder was being teased. Eventually, after several minutes of pressing down her bladder with her ass, Makima finally got off of her. It wasn’t nearly enough to satisfy her agonizing desperation, but nonetheless Himeno let out a huge sigh of relief. Any sort of relief was better than nothing, right? However, Makima went into the kitchen, and Himeno could hear the sound of rushing water, presumably from the sink. When Makima came back into the room, to Himeno’s absolute horror, she was holding a glass cup in one hand, and a massive pitcher of water in the other. She then placed herself on top of Himeno just as she did before.

“Oh God…oh, fuck!” Himeno cried from the pressure.

“Here’s the deal, Himeno,” Makima stated. “I will let you go to the bathroom, but only on one condition: you have to drink every ounce of water in this pitcher. Every. Last. Ounce. If you don’t drink, you’ll get more butt bounces, and if you spit any out, well, I’ll just refill the pitcher, and you’ll have to start over.”

“M-Makima, please…” Himeno pleaded. “I’m seriously going to pee. I think if I have o-one more drop, I’m gonna explode. At least l-let me cross my legs.”

Makima simply smirked. “Drink at least half of this pitcher, and I’ll think about it.”

“Okay, fine. Please, just get this over with. I’m dying here!”

Makima turned the pitcher lid so that the water could be poured out, and then tilted it over the glass. Himeno watched as the glass was filled, and the sound of the pouring reminded her of the sweet release of piss, and it made her desperation even worse.

“Oh God…please please please don’t make me drink that! My bladder…it…it’s so full!”

“Too late, my one-eyed friend.” By the time Makima stopped pouring, the glass was already filled to the brim, but the pitcher wasn’t even close to being emptied. Himeno knew she was so fucked.

“H-how will I even be able to drink that? I-I’m too strapped down!”

“That’s okay. We have this lovely invention called…a straw!” Makima pulled out a very long and bendy straw, stuck it in the glass, and then bent it so that Himeno could drink it. Against her bladder’s wailing protests, she lifted her head up, put the end of the straw in her mouth, and began sucking. Slowly but surely, the water in the glass went through the straw, and down Himeno’s throat. Each time she gulped, it felt as though a hammer beat down upon her already full bladder. Finally, after several agonizing seconds, Himeno drank down the entire glass. Makima smiled in response.

“Good job, Himeno. Unfortunately, that’s just the beginning. You still have a lot of water to go!”

“Please, no more! I can’t take it! I seriously have to pee!” Himeno whimpered. However, he pleas fell on deaf ears, as Makima poured water into the glass once again and put the straw close to Himeno’s mouth. She bit down on the straw, and continued to drink. She closed her eye, concentrating on keeping her pussy sealed against the growing deluge fighting to be released. After emptying the refill of water, she coughed heavily from a few drops of water entering her windpipe. The cough caused a huge wave of desperation to hit her like a truck.

“OH FUCK!” she cried. Using every bit of willpower she had, she managed to hold back a torrent of piss, and eventually, the wave died down, though she was still very desperate.

“Please, Makima! Please let me go! I promise I won’t try to get information out of you! Please don’t make me piss myself!”

Makima made a mock thinking expression.

“Hmm…it seems to me like you’re asking for more butt bounces-”

“NO! No no no! Please not that! Anything but-” but it was too late. Makima continued bouncing on Himeno’s full bladder. It was utterly agonizing.

“OKAY OKAY I’LL DRINK! I’LL DRINK!” Himeno cried out, tugging against her bonds, dying for any sort of relief or comfort. This kept happening for half a minute, until Makima finally relented.

“You haven’t pissed yourself already, have you Himeno?”

“N-no…” she moaned, holding back tears.

“Hmm…I think we’ll need to check…” Makima set the glass down, and placed her hand on Himeno’s panties. She then slid her hand underneath, rubbing her pussy, causing Himeno to let out a soft moan in spite of holding back all those fluids.

“Hmm…a little wet, but I honestly think that’s from something else…” Makima stated, winking. “You want some more water, huh? Well, here you go…” She got the glass and refilled it once again. She took another look, and noticed that the pitcher was half empty!

“My my, you came this far already! Drink this, and I’ll loosen the bonds enough for you to put your thighs together.”

So, Makima allowed Himeno to continue drinking. Himeno couldn’t understand how she was able to take so much of this torture. Perhaps it was the Devil Hunter inside of her that made her fight to the bitter end. When she took the last sip however, a little bit of water went down her windpipe again, and this time, she still had a mouthful of water. She spat it out, the contents spilling all over her breasts, and some dripped over her body, hitting Makima. Himeno coughed violently.

“Oh my! You were so close…” Makima sighed. She got off of Himeno as she was gasping for air, and went toward her leg restraints. She loosened the ropes, and she gradually allowed it for Himeno to use her thighs as extra blockage against the hurricane of piss inside her.

“Oh, thank God! Thank God!!!” she exclaimed. Her thighs rubbed together, giving her some extra comfort both for her legs and her pussy. However, it became clear that though it was somewhat of a help, Himeno was still extremely desperate, and it hardly changed anything.

Meanwhile, instead of getting back on top of Himeno immediately, Makima went out of the room and into the kitchen. She took out the pitcher lid and held the pitcher over the faucet in the sink. She turned on the sink, and let water flow back into it.

“Wh-what do you think you’re doing?! Makima, no!!! Please, it was only an accident, and it was only a little bit, and…” but there was nothing she could do. Makima came back with a full pitcher AND a full glass of water.

“D-d-don’t m-make me d-drink all th-that…”

“Sorry Himeno, but the rules are the rules. Be merciful that I held my end of the bargain by letting your cute little knees touch each other. Now, let’s continue, shall we?”

So, Makima continued to make Himeno drink, refill after refill. Each glass, each gulp, felt as though her bladder was a balloon that could pop at the lightest touch. However, against all odds, against her bladder’s cries, its roars for relief, she managed to drink down every last drop of water, and she did not let a single drop escape from either her mouth or her urethra. However, she had so much water inside her that her bladder bulged outward, making her look pregnant.

“Wow…you are quite the heavy tanker, huh? And here you were, complaining about how you are ‘almost gonna explode’!”

“Please…bathroom…pee…” Himeno could hardly think straight. Her eye was shut, concentrating with all her might against releasing her urinary deluge. Makima shrugged in response.

“Oh what the hell? Sure, I’ll let you out.” She got off of Himeno for the final time, and went to her upper restraints. She took out a key and unlocked one of her hands, and as if like lightning, it made its way right on Himeno’s throbbing crotch. She did the same for her other wrist, and her two ankles. Himeno then tried to get up, but she had a much harder time getting off her bed, or even sitting up. The fluids sloshed around inside her, and it took a great deal of effort to roll out of her bed. When she got to her feet, she tried to take a step forward, but the impact on the ground caused a wave to go through her overfilled bladder, and she fell to her knees, using both hands and a lot of willpower to keep herself dry.

“Damn…you…fuck…Mamika…”

“Mamika? Well, that’s a new one, isn’t it?”

Himeno pushed her desperate self off the ground, and inched her way toward the bathroom.

“Please…please…”

At long last, she made it to the bathroom. Her hands were firmly planted onto her crotch, and she feared that if she let even one hand off it, she would have a huge accident that would absolutely drench herself and the floor. She slowly brought one hand off, and carefully reached for the doorknob.

Then, her eye widened with pure horror. The doorknob was locked!!!

“No…no no no…”

“Oh right, I forgot to tell you…” Makima said with a smirk. She held out a key. “I locked the bathroom door, and this is the only key.”

“Ma…ki…ma…you…bitch…” Himeno mustered. Makima continued to smirk.

“I will give you the key to the bathroom, but on one condition; you must put your uniform on. That’s it! And then I’ll let you pee!”

Makima pointed to clothes that were on the floor. Himeno immediately started inching her way towards it, but she knew she was about to piss. She first picked up her shirt, and started to put it on, but then Makima held up a finger.

“Uh uh uh, Himeno! Aren’t you forgetting something?” She then held up a black bra. Himeno snatched the bra, and while she crossed her legs as tightly as she could, she managed to clip her bra over her breasts. She immediately brought her hands back to her crotch.

“F…fuck…”

“You know, the longer you sit and wait, the longer it’ll take to get the key,” Makima pointed out.

“Shut…up…” Himeno picked the white shirt back up, and slid her arms through it. She slowly buttoned it, and when she got to the third one, her hands shot back to her crotch.

“Oh!” she yelped. She nearly pissed herself then and there, but somehow she managed to just stop herself. After ensuring that she’d have at least a little time to button the rest of her shirt, she quickly buttoned the rest of her shirt, her legs quivering and twisting around each other as she did so. Her hands went back the instant she was done.

“Fuck…this…imposs…ble…”

The next thing was her tie. She picked it up, and to her chagrin, it was completely undone. That thing was difficult to tie without the mind-numbing desire to pee. Nevertheless, after several minutes, she managed to tie it and get it around her neck.

Then…the pants. She picked it up and slid her legs through the sleeves, and hoisted them up. However, she came to a horrific realization; her bladder was so full that even zipping her pants was nearly impossible, let alone her belt! So, she skipped that step, and put her coat, her socks, and shoes on.

“Key…please…” Himeno asked, holding up a shaking hand. Makima was not satisfied however.

“Uh, would you go to work without zipping your pants up or clicking your belt? Come now, Himeno!”

“Too…tight…please…” Himeno pleaded, but Makima wouldn’t budge. So, she went back and with every bit of her strength, she pushed the two ends of the front of her pants together. She then managed to zip up her pants, but it came at a cost: her bladder reached its limit.

“Oh God! P-please Makima! I’m gonna pee!”

“Do your belt first, and then I’ll give it to you.”

Himeno took her belt buckled and managed to buckle it as tight as she possibly could. A small leak escaped her urethra.

“MAKIMA PLEASE!!!”

“Oh, alri-”

Himeno grabbed the key and dashed like a madwoman to the bathroom. She fiddled with the key, trying to get it into the knob. A bigger leak escaped her, big enough to make her pants slightly damp.

“Please please please!” She opened the door, just enough to see the toilet…but it was too late. A jet stream of piss began firing out of her, completely engulfing her pants in the white-yellow fluid.

“Oh my fucking God, NO!!!” Himeno tugged at her belt, her mind losing completely. Eventually, she gave up, and brought herself to her knees.

“Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh…” tears began flowing down her face, but at the same time, Himeno felt a relieving sensation that was almost orgasmic. A puddle began forming underneath her, causing her pants, shoes, socks, and even the bottom of her coat to be drenched with pee.

“God…goddammit…” she whispered, catching her breath. She looked down at her drenched clothes, and threw her hands up in frustration. At that very moment, she vowed to take her revenge on Makima, if it was the last thing she ever did.

*002*2024-08-08 05:42

{{1 hour ago, gdubs said:

Holy shit you really cooked with this one. Makima could do that to me any time and I wouldn’t complain. Himeno is great in this too. It just ticks all the boxes

}}

Thank you! You don't know how much that means to me! ❤️ 😄

What characters would you like to see in an omo story? I'm always open to new ideas and characters!

