Wonder Woman: Futa Masturbation and Urination

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2024-01-09 19:28

Author’s Note: First and foremost, while I don’t watch trans porn nor do I read futa fanfiction, I have recently grown a love for futanari R34 if it involves buff or curvaceous women, with Wonder Mommy being the main star of attraction. Furthermore, my knowledge of Wonder Woman is very limited, with the Injustice games being my main if not only sources so if she or the other women seem OOC that’s probably why. That includes the horniness, I know the Amazons in DC lore were probably on the chaste side however due to the nature of this fic as well as real Greek and Roman Mythology lore, they are portrayed as lustful and hormonal as the original gods and goddesses, even more so than the Orange Clan Mayans in my Quantic Dreams fics. Lore aside, warnings include futanari masturbation and urination and fantasies of lesbian sex and impregnation.

Diana was feeling a sharp thrill that made her heart pound with excitement as she parted from sparring and headed to her private hot springs to bathe. This had nothing to do with modesty, Amazons usually wore revealing Greek Goddess dresses or sheer open robes, if not wandering outright naked. Many opted to spar in the nude and would hit the public bathes together either to relax or seek out a pleasure partner. Diana was no exception, her muscular and curvaceous 6’2” frame had earned her whole harems among her peers. They had many an orgy or holding contest, if not some sort of combination which made sense considering the favored daughter of Hera was as insatiable as she was beautiful. Yet despite that, every twenty eight days, Diana would take seven of them to herself. None of the other Amazons knew and while they respected her privacy, that didn’t stop them from harmless theories.

“I just don’t understand. Diana rarely ducks away if she has a problem with us, so she’s not angry at us. Did we upset her inadvertently?” Donna Troy questioned. She could have been Diana’s younger cousin, judging by her lean yet hardened build. “How? Bitch was victorious as always.” the more buxom redhead Artemis shot back, half joking and half annoyed.

“I bet she’s so stuck up she’d rather use her fingers thinking about that Earthen boy toy of hers than have fun with us.” “That’s extremely rude and vulgar!” Donna Troy shot back, offended that her role model was being spoken of so crudely. “I agree that we should respect her privacy, but given that I know for a fact you won’t, just throw it out in the open.” Nubia suggested, acting as the mediator between the kind and bubbly Donna versus the hot blooded and aggressive Artemis. The crimson haired warrior nodded her approval at the African beauty, silently thanking her for being supportive for once and not accusing her of being a drama queen.

“First and foremost, ever since she visited Earth and dealt with that weakling Steve Trevor, she's been taking these private trips for herself. For the past couple of decades, there's been a consistent period of twenty-eight days that she spends seven of them clothed when Diana is the biggest nudist out of all of us, ties her hair in a sock bun, and just recently I found out she shaved her pubes!” “What?!” Donna Troy cried in shock, even she couldn’t deny the oddity of her idol taking a straight razor to her large black bush, the self proclaimed “Lush Forest of Themyscira”. “I see. Is that why she knocked your temple with her shield when you lifted the thong of her dress during your match?” Nubia suggested with amusement, remembering the uncharacteristic blush of rage Diana sported as she smashed her opponent into the ground. “It has to be, usually she’d flirt or jump at the chance. How dare she now act like a prude or that she’s better than us!”

“Because my darling, my wonderful daughter is actually being quite protective of us when she secludes herself for private times.” a new rich voice commanded. The Amazons looked up to see the queen herself, Hippolyta. While not as tall, muscular, or curvaceous as her voluptuous daughter, Hippolyta was still a beautiful warrior woman who held the same beauty as Diana, but with an older, more mature sense of grace. Hippolyta undid her sheer lavender purple robe and shrugged it off as she joined her subjects in the sauna, sighing in pleasure as beads of sweat formed on her body. “As my daughter, Diana has quite the special body. I don’t just mean her looks. Listen well.”

Meanwhile, Diana took refuge in the natural hot springs. She undid her dress and stepped in the pleasant steaming water, enjoying the sound of the roaring waterfall. After some seconds of arousal, it happened. A large twelve inch cock departed from her womb and popped out of her vagina, along with a nice pair of smooth testicles. She lovingly ran her thin fingers along the tan shaft and gently stroked it, moaning as she palmed the reddish head of the tip of her dick.

Satisfied as she allowed the new set of hormones to adjust and properly align themselves, she squirted some coconut massage oil into her palms and applied some to her massive breasts, moaning as she tweaked the large brown nipples and areolas, then softly sighed as she rubbed some more into her abdominal region. She gasped at this feeling, as beneath the impressive toned abs was her bursting bladder. She ached to unleash a large stream of urine that could match the hot springs water, but her massive erection prevented it from happening. Diana knew from previous experience she would have to first relieve her pent up semen, which she would plan to do so.

With a final generous coating of coconut oil, she applied some to her massive twitching cock, gasping and moaning at the feeling. No wonder men were so weak and tempted by women, with such sensitive reproductive organs it would make sense they’d become undignified dogs who chased after any sense of relief, dick in hand. She could almost relate, but unlike most men from Earth, she could have any man or woman she wanted. But the question was who? As princess of Themyscira, Diana was encouraged to have an heir if she so pleased, and with any partner she deemed suitable.

She definitely wanted Clark Kent from Earth, previously Kal-El from Krypton, as her life partner. While she wasn’t sure if they would have a traditional wedding, they would be bound, both in spirit and in the conjugal bed. He was the only man worthy of having the honors to make love to her, procreate with her. But she also wanted to reproduce with her own unique set of equipment, it would only be right. But who? She ruled out any of the other Amazons, they were great for trysts but she couldn’t see any of them mothering her children. She’d rather be a single mother of her own, and instead wanted to choose a woman from a different planet. Someone she respected and cared for enough to trust with such a burden, but would also be okay with being a more hands off parent.

But what suitable woman would be willing to birth her child and be satisfied with yearly visits? Harleen Quinzel was the first one out, as much fun as it would be to dominate that criminal whore, she probably had all kinds of mental illnesses, as well as STDs. She couldn’t even be trusted for a one night stand, much less be the mother of her child. Selina Kyle was also out, as much fun as it would be to unzip that catsuit and ravish the thief’s body over and over, Selina was already in a committed relationship with her fellow Justice League member Bruce Wayne. That one more woman, the one she was hoping would be her answer.

Karren Star, Kal-El’s distantly related cousin and Power Girl of Earth. Another Kryptonian, and one related to Kal-El would be the best woman for this purpose. Two of the parents being close friends and family would help in creating siblings who got along as a real family, not to mention that Karren Star was a good friend who had visited and even flirted with her a few times, which she of course reciprocated. As insane as it sounded, she knew Karren would agree to the request, it was too enticing to pass up anything to contribute to her older cousin's happiness. It was a bonus that the blond bombshell was also tall and beautifully athletic, similar to an Amazon. She would have no issues bearing an Amazonian child.

Pleased with her decision, Diana now decided to prepare for her plan by envisioning it as a fantasy, how she would grope Karren’s cleavage, gently pull down that enticing suit, and rock her world over and over with her futa cock. The image became too much and with a powerful yell Diana could feel her limit break as she pumped her cock one final time, releasing spurt after spurt of semen, feeling it drip off her cock and into the springs. After a minute or so, her erection faded and with a gasp of exhaustion, she held her flaccid dick and emptied her bladder, urinating a long worthwhile stream. It was irritating having to wait for her excitement to go down, but the release was worth it. Satisfied, she waited, knowing this was only a warm up.

“So, you’re saying that the heirs of your bloodline have something similar to an Earth woman’s menstrual cycle, but instead of losing eggs they grow manhood?” Artemis questioned in disbelief. “Exactly right.” Hippolyta confirmed. “I’d show you mine but it’s not my time. Regardless, you’re lucky my daughter stayed away, lest you be witness to the hormonal hell beasts we become when we grow a man’s set of genitals. May Hera bless whoever Diana chooses to couple with.”

Ending note: So yes, this was a hook for the next story, which will be centered around Wonder Woman and Power Girl. Fun fact, I started writing that one first, but then realized it needed some kind of introduction, and that in itself became this standalone story. Hope you enjoy, like I said it is pretty different from my usual stuff.

