Ada Wong and Rebecca Chambers: Accidents Happen

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-08-15 01:43

Beginning Note: Alright, so this is straying from my original storyline. Rebecca wasn’t even going to be involved at all, but then I had her cameo, which made me realize there was so much potential going to waste if I didn’t make a follow up. That’s why last time’s story ended on that cliffhanger. Also FYI, for any Rebecca fans who think I’m a Rebecca basher who’s bashing her for being pathetic, that’s not true at all. I’m just shaping her to fit in this fic as best as I can. Anyway, let’s continue where we left off!

“You...you read my EXAMINATION NOTES?!”

“I’m sorry don’t hurt me!!” Rebecca shrieked in terror, holding her arms up in defense. Suddenly her eyes opened and she started shaking, holding her crotch. “No, no!” she whispered in embarrassment. Ada noticed Rebecca’s jean shorts were starting to dampen, especially at the groin and drops were cascading down her inner thigh areas. Her anger and yelling had caused poor Rebecca to wet herself in fear. While all eyes were on them now, the wetting was in its beginning stages and there was still time to salvage the situation. No-one could tell what was going on exactly, and they would remain oblivious.

Without a word, Ada grabbed Rebecca’s hand and guided her into the ladie’s restroom, found a stall with the most room, sat her down, unzipped the younger girl’s wet shorts and yanked them down to her ankles, along with the soaked Hello Kitty panties. Ada noticed in amusement that Rebecca’s choice of underwear indicated she was quite innocent, or extremely kinky. Then she turned to lock the door, guaranteeing them as much privacy as was possible. The older woman then proceeded to use tissue paper to wipe away any excess urine on the floor or her hands from having earlier touched Rebecca’s damp clothing.

Speaking of, Ada turned to check on her and was surprised that Rebecca was already wiping her lady bits and legs, despite not having gone. She knew the medic still needed to urinate because she didn’t hear a stream hitting the toilet, and Rebecca was still shaking and clutching her abdomen. This didn’t make any sense, why was she trying to hold it? The spy decided to question the medic.

“What are you waiting for? Go!”

“I can’t!”

“Is it because I’m here? I’ll leave if you want but I still need to explain myself.”

“Hell yes you do, why did you do that?!” Rebecca was on the verge of tears. “I’m sorry, I truly am. I just saw that you had read my examination notes, and that really scared me. I felt humiliated and defensive.”

“Well now so am I, so we’re even. I hope it was worth it.”

“Sweetie, what’s your name?”

“What?”

“Your name, please tell me.”

“It’s Rebecca, okay? Why do you care?”

“Rebecca, my name is Ada and I’m very sorry I caused this. I made sure no-one else saw your accident, but I know that’s not enough. Please tell me what I have to do in order to make it all up to you.” Ada softly begged. Rebecca stayed quiet, then relented.

“The reason I’m freaking out isn’t because I had a public accident, although that certainly was mortifying. My therapist used to treat me for bed wetting, and I had to wear diapers for months on end. I’ve been fine for around a year and have fully recovered, but when my doctor sees this she’ll think I relapsed or something! Explain it wasn’t my fault!”

“Alright, I will.”

“That’s not all. After this, we’re going to have drinks somewhere. I want you to explain exactly what’s going on in those notes and why it was worth yelling at me.”

“I don’t know, that kind of talk isn’t exactly appetizing.” Ada joked. Rebecca glared in return. It was supposed to be angry but looked more cute if anything.

“Alright, consider it done. Anything else?”

“One final thing. Afterwards I want you to wet yourself, see how it feels.”

“Rebecca, I’m going to do it if that’s what it takes to make you feel better, but don’t you think you’re asking for a bit much? This sounds like quite the adventure we’re going on. Today’s my off day but keep in mind your friends or other people may not have as much time on their hands. In addition if I wet myself in public we won’t be even, no-one actually saw your accident except me. They can speculate but there isn’t even any urine on the floor, or any other evidence. They can look at your shorts but I’ll hide them as best as I can.”

“Oh no, no, no.” Rebecca quickly assured while she was wringing her panties of excess urine into the toilet. “If you want we’ll do it in the privacy of your own place, or my place. Whichever you prefer, really.”

“Sounds fair. I look forward to this afternoon's excursion.” Ada confirmed with a seductive smile. “Me too.” Rebecca replied, blushing at the seductive smile she was receiving, not wearing any pants, and overall just the rather erotic situation they had found themselves in.

“Wait, why are you pulling your pants back on, you still need to go.” Ada questioned. “I need to give a urine sample.” Rebecca explained, as if that answer solved everything. “What? Forget that, pee!”

“This exam is already going to be complex enough, I just want to fix what I can!” Fine, let’s go.” the older woman relented. She handed Rebecca her purse so she would have something to cover her damp jean shorts. “Thank you.”

“Don’t mention it.” Soon they reached Carla’s office.

“Ada, back so soon? I love our time together but I have another patient to take care of, please wait outside or schedule another appointment.”

“Actually I ran into your other patient, we have a bit of a situation.” Ada explained as she stepped out of the way, showing Rebecca had been hiding behind the taller woman. “Hi Doctor Radames.” she greeted the doctor with a nervous smile. “Rebecca what happened?! Oh poor thing, get out of those wet clothes.” Rebecca complied, unzipping her shorts and peeling them off, along with her panties. They weren’t nearly as damp as before but weren’t exactly dry either, and they needed a wash.

“Carla, it’s my fault. We bumped into each other, and Rebecca helped me pick up my notes. In order to better organize them she read them and handed them to me in the correct order. I was mortified and got too aggressive. She was already holding it in and I must have scared her into letting some loose. I escorted her into the restroom before anyone figured it out and cleaned her up as best as I could, but her clothes are still damp and I don’t want Rebecca walking around in urine saturated clothing. Can we please take her pants and underwear to a nearby laundromat?”

“This is a literal and figurative mess, but that can be arranged. Rebecca, me and Ada here will be gone for a while so use the shower to clean yourself from any excess urine, we don’t want you getting a rash. If we still haven’t come back, please take your own vitals and check yourself for any anomalies. I know what I am asking of you is extremely unorthodox but you’re an experienced medical physician and I don’t want to make your appointment even longer.”

“It’s okay, I know exactly how.”

“Good, by the time we’re back I want to see your bottom in that chair and legs in stirrups, young lady. I better not see you trying to perform a PAP on yourself, you hear me?”

“Loud and clear.” Rebecca confirmed with a salute, as she removed her T shirt and stepped into the shower. Ada decided to intervene. “Before she showers, hand Rebecca a clean catch kit. I tried to convince her to go in the toilet but she insisted that she still needed to give a urine sample.” Carla was astonished. “You still haven’t relieved yourself?” she bewilderingly exclaimed as she hurried to grab a cup and towelette, quickly handing them to her patient.

“Thank you!” Rebecca replied sweetly, and to both Ada’s and Carla’s surprise, prepared to urinate right then and there in the shower right in front of them. First she used antiseptic wipes on her genitals, then proceeded to void her bladder and provide a steady stream of urine into the cup while letting out a moan of relief. When it was almost full she paused, closed it with a lid, then handed it to Carla who gingerly grasped it. The girl then continued her stream which eventually slowed down. Once that was over with, she turned on and lowered the shower head to wash her genitals, then hung it back up to continue her normal shower.

“Alright then, take care.” Carla bade farewell, as she grabbed Rebecca’s clothing. Ada followed suit and they both exited the doctor’s office and headed to a nearby laundromat. While walking, Carla turned to Ada with anger clear on her face. “Is this some sick joke Ada? I thought you were turning a new leaf and minutes later I see you targeting a STARS member, my patient. I swear if you do anything to harm Rebecca I’m turning you in.” Ada sighed.

“Carla, I swear this is all just one crazy coincidence. I have no reason or desire to kill or harm Rebecca in any way. I didn’t even know she was your patient, do you really think the very little information you gave me about some bed wetter having PTSD and a couple minutes with no access to any computers would have led me to figuring out that your patient was a STARS member of all people?! Even if that was the case you’re to blame as well, you shouldn’t be breaking patient confidentiality or having our appointments so close together.”

“So you’re going to shift all guilt to me now?” Carla fumed. “For the record they weren’t so close together, you took a twenty minute nap sleeping off the orgasm I gave you. Remember that? But you’re right about sharing patient information, I don’t know why the hell I did that.” Soon they reached the laundromat and threw the clothes in. It would take around thirty minutes to finish washing. “So, what’s the deal with you and Rebecca?”

“What?”

“You heard me.”

“I was just helping her out.”

“And that’s it, just for that? No interior motives?”

“No, I already told you I’m not targeting her or anything.”

“That’s not what I meant. You know that girl has her eye on you, right?”

“Rebecca is a lesbian?”

“She’s at least bisexual since she’s slept with men and enjoyed it too, but I can tell she’s very attracted to you.”

“How would you know?”

“As I previously mentioned, she hasn’t been able to take her eyes off you. Hell, she even urinated right in front of us!”

“Exactly, you were there too.”

“Ada, yes I was there but it was for you, and I could tell how happy she was when she saw that you were paying close attention. Just take my word for it.”

“Fine. Do we have to wait until her clothes are finished drying, I’m sure Rebecca just wants this whole affair to be done with and I’m sure you must have spare scrubs or gowns in your office.”

“I’d rather not since those are reserved for medical personnel and patients, but this is taking too long. I suppose there’s nothing wrong with letting her borrow some though.”

Soon they headed back, and walked back in. The visitors in the waiting room perked up, especially intrigued by all the previous commotion, but soon went back to their previous activities. They entered Carla’s office to see Rebecca wearing a gown with an open front and her ankles in the stirrups. She blushed with a sheepish grin when she saw the other two women had returned from their trip to the laundromat and back. True to her word, it appeared the young medic had already taken care of most of the check up and was waiting for Carla to return.

“Oh, you’re back! I already took care of everything else, I just need the pelvic exam.”

“Very good Rebecca. Your clothes will take a while, so you can borrow a pair of scrubs.” While this conversation was taking place, Ada decided that was her que to leave. “Where are you going?” Rebecca called out. Ada turned back. “I didn’t want to intrude anymore, I was just going to wait outside.”

“There’s no need for that. You can stay if you want, I don’t mind. Better than waiting for me by your lonesome. Besides, I’ll feel better with your company.” Carla raised an eyebrow of further suspicion, as if to say ‘Told you so’, but said nothing. “Okay, I’ll stay.”

“Yay!”

With that, Carla began Rebecca’s examination. Of course it wasn’t anywhere near as sexual or intimate as Ada’s, but there were still private moments such as when Carla stuck her fingers in Rebecca’s vagina to palpitate, or the speculum to perform a pap smear. During these times the young medic would look towards Ada, who provided an awkward smile as means of encouragement. Eventually the exam went off without a hitch, until Carla brought some diapers.

“What are these for?” Rebecca questioned nervously. “You have incontinence problems, probably due to your trauma still affecting you. Make sure to schedule an appointment with your therapist. I know it’s embarrassing but you know it’s the right thing to do.” The young medic looked like she was about to burst in tears, and shot a look of betrayal and humiliation towards Ada. ‘Crap, I completely forgot about that! I need to fix this.’

“Carla, that's enough! Rebecca does not have an incontinence issue! She was holding it in for a necessary urine sample and I scared her, it’s as simple as that. Accidents happen, now quit humiliating her. She’s not only an adult but a competent medic, I’m sure Rebecca knows how to take care of her body.” Carla looked like she was ready to disagree, but then stopped herself. “Is this true Rebecca, please be honest with me.”

“It is, we already told you! I wouldn’t lie about my bodily needs, especially if something was seriously wrong.”

“Alright then, I’m sorry for upsetting you.”

“It’s okay, thanks for doing my laundry.”

“Speaking of, I have some scrubs, you can return them tomorrow. I don’t have any underwear though, you’re going to have to go commando. Anyway, that’s it, take care.”

“Alright, bye!” With that, Rebecca headed out the room once she had donned the scrubs. Ada followed her but Carla grabbed her arm.

“I really hope you know what you’re doing.”

“What do you mean?”

“Don’t play dumb, I know this isn’t just some girl talk. You and Rebecca are going to fuck, aren’t you?”

“Well technically she’s going to watch me piss but I suppose that’s also a possibility.”

“Rebecca’s also into urine play? This has been one hell of a day. Anyway, you better not hurt her.”

“I won’t, you have my word.” With that the two bid each other farewell. Ada caught up to Rebecca and the two made it to the car when Rebecca started squirming. “You need to urinate again? Maybe you do have incontinence issues.” Ada questioned. “Oh it’s not that. I’m just not used to going commando.”

“Ah, right. Well my panties are probably racier than what you’re used to, but you can have them if you want.” the older woman replied. “Really? Thanks!”

With that Ada rolled her dress up, then yanked off her panties. Rebecca pulled down her pants in return and reached for the underwear. The older woman took a good look at Rebecca’s pale genital lips and hairless crotch, while the young medic blushed at the sight of Ada’s brown lips and black bush. Unbeknownst to either of them, a man happened to be walking nearby and got a good look at both women’s privates, causing him to pop a hard on right then and there. Not wanting to intrude on their privacy or get caught being a pervert he made sure to get a move in. Eventually Rebecca had driven them to a cafe.

“This isn’t what I expected when you mentioned drinks, but this will do.” Ada announced with a dry tone of voice. “Sorry, just a caffeine girl is all.” Rebecca replied sheepishly. “It’s fine, I enjoy tea anyways.” The two ordered their drinks, Oolong tea for Ada and Caramel Mochiatto for Rebecca. “So, those notes…” Rebecca inquired as she used her straw to idly stir her drink. “They were all urine related. I thought maybe you had the same issues I did, or maybe you were incontinent. However, there were also details talking about holding it in and purposely drinking diuretics. What’s going on?” Ada sighed. “Do you really want to know?” The other woman nodded very eagerly.

“Very well then. I had an accident a while back. However, I realized how good it felt, holding it in, then the final release. I was curious, so I saw Carla to help me out. That’s really all I can tell you.”

“So you find arousal in prolonged urination? That’s unheard of. Does that mean you liked what you saw when I did?” she asked with a grin. “Yes Rebecca, you put on quite the show. Speaking of, are you sure you should be having such a huge latte? Caffeine is a pretty effective diuretic.”

“I know, so is the tea you ordered. This is for when we reach your place.” the young medic explained with a sly smirk. “Oh! Alright then, should we head out now?”

“Sure! Can’t wait.” Both women paid for their drinks, then proceeded to head to Rebecca’s car. Ada gave her the directions and they ended up at her apartment. Both of them were fidgeting and jumping up and down in anticipation.

“I already went twice, it’s your turn.” Rebecca suggested. “Alright, fair enough.” Ada agreed as she undressed, revealing her hot and curvaceous body. She proceeded to stand in the shower and closed her eyes, waiting for the magical release. It came, a long trickle that hit the floor and continued for around thirty seconds. Once she was done, Ada shook her hips a little to get rid of any droplets. It wasn’t anything special like her other wettings, but it was enough to satisfy Rebecca. “Whoa. No wonder you like doing this so much. I probably would too if it wasn’t for…well.”

“I’m sorry about that Rebecca. Do you want me to leave so you can go?”

“No, we’re here to have fun so that’s what we’re gonna do! I just don’t know how to go about this. You’re the expert, got any ideas?”

“The expert, huh?” Ada questioned with a smirk. She racked her brain for ideas on how to make Rebecca truly enjoy wetting. One kept recurring no matter how many times she tried to reject it, but overall it seemed the most obvious. “Rebecca, I have an idea.”

“Spill, because I’m about to!”

“How about sex?”

“WHAT?!”

“I’m sorry, it sounds so strange. However, it would be the most pleasurable, I can promise you.”

“It would be, but how did you know-?”

“That you were attracted to me? We wouldn’t even be here together if I didn’t spark even the slightest arousal in you. Are you up for it?” Rebecca pondered it.

“Alright, I hope you know what you’re doing.”

“Great, I’ll go get the towels, just undress and lie down.” Ada grabbed some and made sure to spread them out to cover the bed while Rebecca undressed, revealing her pale, petite body. Once they were, the younger woman lay down and Ada slowly teased her, kissing her lips, cheeks, neck, underarms, licked her nipples, laying a trail of smooches against her belly, then finally proceeded to slowly pry her legs open. “Oh, I could burst right now!” Rebecca cried. “It’s okay baby, just a little longer. You’re doing just fine. Wait for the orgasm, then don’t fight or hold back. Just release.”

“Okay Ada, ready when you are.”

Ada first rubbed the younger girl’s clit, eliciting a surprised squeak. After some of that, she stuck in two fingers, making sure to bend them in a ‘come hither’ motion to create more excitement. Both of them were starting to get breathless, especially Rebecca. She was so new to this, having sex in general was kind of a rare event, but sex with a woman? The thought never even occurred to her, although she was regretting that now. She was suddenly shaken out of her thoughts when the older woman managed to reach a special area and make Rebecca scream out. To add on the pleasure, Ada lowered her lips to Rebecca’s lower regions, applying a lot of tongue to the clit, then thrusting it into the labia. This caused the medic to start grinding her hips in Ada’s face, begging for more, which was certainly provided.

“Ada, I’m going to-!”

“It’s alright, don’t fight it. Let go and release.” Rebecca quivered for a bit, then let out a scream of delight as liquid poured out of her. First large spurts spasmed out in arcs, then a puddle pooled around her genitals and thighs, thoroughly soaking the towel. “Oh, that was so, oh…” she started, not even being able to finish her sentence as she fell asleep. Ada used some tissues to clean Rebecca up, then removed the towel. She decided to take care of her own needs while her partner slept. The younger woman woke up to the sounds of moans and was rewarded with the sight of Ada fingering herself standing up. Soon she was in her own world of orgasmic bliss. “Whoa…” Rebecca couldn’t help but whisper in awe.

“Whoa?” Ada teased. “Sorry!”

“For what?”

“For staring, and for not returning the favor.”

“Rebecca sweetie, there’s nothing wrong with either. After everything we’ve done you can certainly look all you want. As for the latter, today was all about you. It was your first time with a woman and your first time experiencing urine play. I wouldn’t dream of expecting you to reciprocate after the day you’ve had.”

“Thanks Ada. Where do we go from here?”

“What?”

“Sorry for just springing that up so suddenly, I just had to ask.”

“I understand. I hate saying this but I’m afraid today’s all we have. It was fun, but I’m not ready to be in a relationship yet.”

“I understand. I just wish we could do this more.”

“Well why don’t we make the most of today then?” Ada suggested with a grin.

Ending Note: If the second half feels rushed, well that’s because it was. I was originally super excited to write this but now I just wanted to get it over with. I had a couple of other story ideas I wanted to make but I had to finish this one first, which caused a bit of frustration. I know I mentioned Ada’s story would end with her and Leon but honestly this might be it. Then again the trilogy so far took place in a span of a couple of weeks, whereas her and Leon being together would chronologically happen years later so I can still write it some other time. Anyways hope you all enjoyed.

