Valerie 11: The Golden Revolution

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-05-26 07:52

THE GOLDEN REVOLUTION

It was our turn to cook dinner so Valerie and I left the poolside ahead of the others to start preparations in the large, vaulted basement kitchen of the Tuscan villa. I had showered and changed into a shirt and shorts but Valerie had opted to prepare her Béarnaise sauce first. When I came back down to the kitchen she was still in her aqua bikini, busy infusing wine vinegar with onions, tarragon and peppercorns.

I picked up a tray and collected the cutlery and other things I needed to set the table under the pergola in the grounds of the villa. On the way there I saw Amanda, who had been absent from our group at the pool for some time. She was facing away from me, sitting with her feet up on one of the benches along the path through the shrubbery and was having a long, intimate conversation on her phone. Pee was streaming through the wooden slats of the bench into a puddle on to the stone slab below.

"Am I what?...." A giggle. "I might be...." More giggles. "You have too much imagination already!.....My dark red bikini if you must know!.....Oh, and I have put on a white t-shirt over it." A pause. "Its your fault!.....Because you've kept me talking so long, I couldn't wait, that's why....No I am not going to send you a selfie!!....You will just have to use that over-active imagination of yours!"

She looked up at me and blushed as I passed so I tactfully took another route back to the kitchen.

"Does Amanda have a boyfriend?" I asked Valerie.

"Not as far as I know" she replied. "She has certainly been having fun playing the field at university. But now I come to think of it she has hinted that there's one particular boy who is very interested in her and she did say he's rather sweet."

I prepared a salad as Valerie mixed egg yolks into her vinegar and then slowly folded in soft yellow butter, whisking the mixture continuously over a bain-marie whilst jigging up and down in an interesting sort of way. "I wish I had done a wee before I started this" she commented. "It is much cooler in here than it is outside and I drank lots of water this afternoon. I'm bursting!"

I would have offered to take over but I have no idea how to make Béarnaise sauce.

She turned off the heat under the bain-marie and whisked the sauce vigorously. "Tom," she said in a slightly strained voice as she moved restlessly from one foot to the other, "I think I have let this sauce get a bit hot. It isn't setting properly and I daren't stop whisking or it will separate and I will have to start over again. Could you get me some cold butter out of the fridge and cut it in thin slices for me?" She paused momentarily, pressing her legs tightly together and biting her lower lip. The fabric of her bikini dampened slightly between her crossed legs.

As I was opening a fresh pack of butter and slicing it on to a plate, Angela looked in to see how we were getting on before going upstairs to shower and change. Her French navy swimsuit was dry but there was a high tide mark around the bottom as a souvenir of her long afternoon at the poolside.

Valerie took the bowl out of the bain-marie and frantically whisked the stubbornly liquid sauce as I added the cold butter, one thin slab at a time to slowly melt into it. The thin liquid thickened into a perfect emulsion as she worked. "It is finally coming right!" she breathed. She carried the bowl over to the kitchen table and set it down. "Now I can go to the loo at last!"

She took a couple of steps then froze, crossing her legs tightly. The damp spot between her legs spread outwards and upwards as the fabric of her bikini absorbed another involuntary spurt. Stray rivulets tracked down her squeezed thighs.

Observing her daughter's desperation Angela said "I doubt you will make it all the way to the loo and I really don't want an accident on the carpet upstairs. You had better just wee on the floor here."

Valerie gave her a grateful smile. She placed her hands on her hips, parted her legs, relaxed and started to pee through her bikini.

"Better now?" Angela enquired ironically as she watched her daughter wetting herself with an expression of pure relief, her pee splashing noisily on to the old stone kitchen floor. Valerie did not move for a full minute as the stream became a trickle, droplets, nothing.

Mother and daughter went upstairs to shower and change. I fetched the floor mop and a bucket of water.

###

After we had dined on steak, roast potatoes and salad, washed down with plenty of the local Sangiovese red wine, we lingered under the pergola enjoying the warmth of a perfect Italian summer evening.

Jack complimented us on the excellent Béarnaise sauce. I said that Valerie deserved the credit for making it, to which Angela added with a mischievous smile that I deserved the credit for washing the floor afterwards.

"Oh, Mummy!" exclaimed Valerie in mock exasperation. "Trust you to let the cat out of the bag!"

Looking at the puzzled expressions around the table Valerie sighed and said "Béarnaise sauce is tricky. It will separate if you let it and once it does there is no going back. I was dying for a wee but I could not just abandon the sauce or I would have had to start over again. I ended up making a puddle on the kitchen floor."

"That reminds me of Miss Myers!" said Amanda with a giggle.

"I seem to remember your headmistress saying something to me about a Miss Myers and implying that you three young devils had had a role in her decision to resign" said Angela reflectively. "I didn't fully understand what she was getting at but I had the impression she was not sorry to see this Myers woman go. What was that all about?"

"You tell the story, Val" said Amanda. "You were the heroine of the campaign!"

Valerie poured herself a limoncello and began. "My sisters and I went to a girls' school in London and Miss Myers was the history teacher there. Most of the other teachers at that school knew how to make their lessons interesting but not Miss Myers! She could crush the life out of the most fascinating subject. She used to tell us that her job was to teach facts and our job was to learn them. Not much about why things happened and nothing at all about how it felt to live in those times. It was all just names and dates.

"She was a sour old maid, passed over for promotion and resentful of Mrs Smith being made headmistress when old Miss Brooks retired. She obviously thought the job should have been hers but the fact was that she was not much use as a schoolteacher and would have been a disaster as the head.

She regarded herself as a strict disciplinarian and used to make veiled, snide remarks about the other teachers and what she regarded as their excessively free and easy approach to school discipline. I had the impression that the other teachers didn't like her any more than us girls did.

"One of her things was that girls should not be allowed to leave the classroom in lesson time for any reason. No exceptions. None of the other teachers had a problem letting a girl go to the loo if she really had to, and in fact it was fairly rare that anybody asked. And I often thought that if she was worried that it might turn into a social occasion all she had to do was limit it to one at a time.

"During one of her lessons a girl called Melissa put her hand up and said she needed to go to the loo urgently but Miss Myers, who was clearly irritated at the interruption, snappily told her to wait until the break, which was almost an hour away.

After about half an hour of Miss Myers droning on about the Congress of Vienna 1815 and its role in shaping the political structure of post-Napoleonic Europe, poor Melissa wet herself at her desk and started to cry. Miss Myers strode over and stood above her. 'You silly, dirty girl!' she screeched. 'Now you can just sit there until break!'

"When the bell finally sounded for the end of the lesson, Melissa fled to the girls' loo, still in tears. The rest of us went to comfort her. Some girls lent her spare gym kit to change into and others spread her wet clothes out to dry on the radiator. She was a quiet, gentle, very shy girl and horribly upset at being forced to wet herself like that.

"I was furious with the way the Miss Myers had treated Melissa and told the others I was going to get even with the malicious old hag for Melissa's sake. When I outlined my plan everybody burst out laughing, even Melissa. They were all willing to at least give me passive support and one or two of the bolder ones offered to join me on active service.

"Miss Myers had us for history again the next day and she set a test paper on yesterday's lesson. When I had finished mine I took it to Miss Myers' desk and asked to be excused as I needed the lavatory. Of course she said 'Absolutely not! Sit down and be quiet!' so I just parted my legs and peed on the floor, right next to her desk. All the other girls knew beforehand what I was going to do and nobody so much as looked up.

"I honestly wondered if I had killed the old bat! Her eyes goggled and she seemed to lose the power of speech for a moment as she looked at me, then at the puddle I had made and then back at me. Then she bellowed at me to report myself to the headmistress and tell her what I had done.

"I went to Mrs Smith's office and tearfully told her that I had been sent by Miss Myers because I had wet myself when I was not allowed to go to the loo and I was terribly sorry but I simply could not hold on any longer. Of course, Mrs Smith was sympathetic and told me not to be too upset, these things happen. I actually felt a bit bad about deceiving Mrs Smith because I liked and respected her.

"On the way back to the classroom I went into the loo and changed into the spare pair of knickers I had packed. As soon as I got back my friend Jessica stood up, handed in her paper and asked to go to the loo. Clearly rattled by what I had just done and beginning to suspect that Jessica's request was no coincidence, Miss Myers snapped at her to stop this nonsense right now!

"Jessica said nothing. She just stood still with a faraway expression on her face and the classroom floor gained its second puddle. Then she went calmly back to her place, lifted her skirt clear and and sat down. That was when the vicious old troll began to realise that she was losing her authority."

Amanda took up the story. "The story of Melissa's treatment and Valerie's revenge spread throughout the school like wildfire and girls in every year were volunteering to join the Golden Revolution, as it became known. I played my part too, like a good little soldier.

"When I was not allowed to go to the loo I just carried on working as I wet myself at my desk. I had drunk plenty of water beforehand so there was a fairly impressive flood on the floor by the time I had finished but all the other girls pretended not to notice anything at all. I had made sure that my skirt was clear so when I got up at the end of the lesson there was no sign of anything untoward. Like all active combatants, I carried a spare pair of knickers that day."

"How about you, Emily?" Jack asked with a grin.

Emily blushed. "Well yes," she conceded "I couldn't just leave the heroic struggle to others, could I? By the time my year had a history lesson nobody was even asking to be excused. Three of us wet ourselves in that lesson."

Valerie resumed the narrative. "It was clear that Miss Myers simply did not know what to do. It was never the same girl twice, so there were no obvious ringleaders, and any one of us could have had a genuine accident. Plausible deniability, I think it is called.

"By then I'm sure Mrs Smith and the other teachers had a pretty good idea what was going on but as the old cow had managed to antagonise them all at one time or another they were in no hurry to help, nor did Miss Myers want to admit that she had completely lost control of her students. And she could not bring herself to change her policy as that would mean admitting that she had been wrong to treat poor Melissa as she had and so owed her an apology.

"The final straw for Miss Myers was when the school caretaker told her that he had other duties besides cleaning up accidents in her classroom and presented her with a mop and bucket of her own.

"At school assembly a couple of days later, Mrs Smith announced that Miss Myers had decided to retire with immediate effect due to ill health and that the school was in process of recruiting a new history teacher. For the rest of that term Mrs Smith herself would take history classes.

"For some reason she looked straight at me when she added that she expected the sudden and, um, wholly inexplicable epidemic of incontinence to cease immediately."

*006*2018-07-17 19:45

Lhansen

I didn't respond to this at the time but I have been mulling it over ever since - it is a hot story in itself but I can't quite fit it to my existing characters.

I like the idea of a hot day beside a river that is too cold to wade into!

Best

Ondinist

