Leon and Lillian Pt. 1

Author: omogurlcc

*000*2022-03-22 10:08

“Hey baby… Let’s play a game, alright?” Lillian, Leon’s girlfriend said as she was removing her makeup in the bathroom. The couple had just come home from Lillian’s cousin’s wedding. Leon was in the bed in his pajamas, all ready for bed, scrolling through his social media feed.

“Hmm??? What kind of game?” Leon asked suspiciously. Both Lillian and Leon knew they were into omorashi, so Leon was a bit cautious of getting into tight situations, because although he liked reading and watching other people, he didn’t enjoy actually feeling the urge. However, he would do anything for Lillian, even if it meant stepping out of his comfort zone.

“Oh, the usual. Let’s grab a drink before bed alright? I’m in charge of you for 24 hours.” Lillian declared. As usual, Lillian was taking charge even without Leon’s permission, being the brave girl, even braver than authoritative Leon, everyone knew her to be. Grudgingly, Leon dragged himself out of bed and trudged to the kitchen to grab a drink of iced water. Lillian followed suit. After which, the couple headed to bed and quickly fell into deep sleep, exhausted from the day’s events.

The next morning, Lillian was up bright and early. Leon, however, was not. He woke up at 10 am and slowly peeled himself out of bed and shuffled to the bathroom. Just as he was about to enter, Lillian skipped over and chirped, “Good morning sleepyhead! Remember, I’m in charge! No peeing until I say so!” Leon suddenly recalled the previous night’s events and groaned. He hoped that Lillian would be kind to his bladder today. His bladder was already slightly occupied due to the drink he had before bed.

Unfortunately for him, Lillian stepped into the bathroom to watch him do his morning routine – minus relieving himself.

After Leon finished, the couple walked to the living room and had breakfast together. “Drink up baby, hydration is IMPORTANT” Lillian coos as she hands Leon cup after cup of orange juice and coffee. By the time breakfast is over, Leon has had 2 cups of coffee, 3 cups of orange juice, plus the milk in his cereal. Just as he was about to leave, Lillian said, “Alright, come on, let’s watch a movie!”

