How desperate can you get? (Pauline -Mario)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-07-04 21:16

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

$$

Our story begins at a bus stop in New York. A handful of citizens were standing there,waiting for the bus to show up. Some of them were just staring at the many buildings in the city,while other read newspapers to pass the time. There was one citizen that stood out among the rest: Lady Pauline.

She was sitting on the bench while reading the newspaper,like some of the citizens near her. However,she would occasionally glance at the clock next to the stop and then at the road to see if the bus was gonna show up. Normally Pauline was pretty patient,but now she would've preferred it if the bus could show up sooner. She was on her way to meet her carpenter boyfriend. Some people knew him as "Jump man" and others referred to him as "Mario". She had agreed to meet him after his work today for their date. Unfortunately,She forgot to use her restroom before leaving. Her home wasn't too far from the bus stop,but she didn't want to leave out of fear that she would miss her bus.

Pauline lowered her newspaper again and looked at the road. A smile appeared on her face as she finally saw the bus approaching the stop. She entered to bus along side some of the citizens at the stop and after paying,she want to the back of the bus and sat down with her legs crossed. The bus started moving towards it's next destination. Pauline sighed and looked out of the window. The road to the construction site was a bit long,but all the buildings that Pauline could see as the bus drove forward usually served as a distraction. This time however,she could feel a bit of pressure in her body. And this made the bus trip feel longer than it usually felt. Pauline put her purse on her lap and then placed a hand between her legs.

"Hopefully they'll be nice enough to let me use a toilet there..." Pauline thought to herself.

###

After what felt like a long time,Pauline stepped out of the bus. she stood still and crossed legs as the bus drove away. Her bladder was filled even more in the time it took the bus to reach this stop. Unfortunately,she still had to walk towards the construction site. She gripped her purse and started walking towards the construction site. All while trying to ignore the pressure in her bladder.

Halfway through,she walked past a fountain. right as she was walking by,the fountain jetted multiple streams of water upwards. Pauline put her purse in front of her and placed her hand between her legs again. she stood there for a few seconds and took a deep breath before she continued walking. after a few more minutes,she arrived at the construction site. She looked around for her boyfriend,but he was nowhere to be found. But she spotted another worker there and decided to ask him for Mario.

"Ma....rio?.....oh wait,you mean Jump Man? Yeah,he should be coming soon." The worker answered.

"Thanks....but um...if you don't mind me asking..." Pauline hesitated for a bit.... "Do you guys have any restrooms here?"

"Yeah,we have a couple of Porta-Potties around the construction site...like that one over there." The worker said as he pointed behind Pauline. She thanked the worker and headed towards the Portable Toilet with a smile. However,the smile quickly disappeared once she saw another worker running towards the Toilet with both of his hands on his butt. He entered the toilet and quickly shut the door and locked it. Pauline was about to knock on the door to ask him how long he was gonna be there,but she got an answer pretty quickly.

"UUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHH......NGGGGHHHHHHHHH......AAAAAAAAAAAHHH!"

Pauline cringed at the noises coming from the worker and slowly walked away from the toilet. as she turned around,she saw Mario waving goodbye to one of the workers.

"Mario!" Pauline said as she ran towards him. With each step she took,she could feel a bit of pressure. Mario opened his arms and Pauline jumped right into them and hugged her boyfriend. after a few seconds,she let go of the carpenter. Mario then motioned her to follow him. Pauline looked back and forth at the construction site. She wanted to ask Mario if she could use another toilet there,but she decided against it and followed him. Right as the two were about to leave,Pauline heard a bunch of smashing noises coming from behind her. She turned around to see a giant gorilla in a cage. the gorilla was staring at her with hearts in his eyes.

"Hey,Mario? What's up with this gorilla?" Pauline asked. Mario explained to her that it attacked the workers earlier today and that they managed to stop him and lock him up in that cage. Pauline scratched her head,but shrugged and followed her boyfriend. All while the Gorilla was reaching out to her and trying to get her attention. Mario held Pauline's hand and guided her to the location of their date,all while Pauline tried her hardest to ignore the fountain they had to walk past again.

###

Mario and Pauline arrived at an Italian restaurant. Mario opened the door and made a "You first" gesture. Pauline smiled nervously and entered the restaurant. Shortly after Mario entered,one of the waiters walked up to the couple and asked them to take a seat. Mario and Pauline walked up to the table and sat down. The waiter approached them again to take their orders. While Mario was ordering,Pauline placed both of her hands between her legs. She looked around for something to distract her from her aching bladder,but the first thing she saw was another waitress pouring some soda in a costumer's glass. Pauline immediately looked away from that table and started looking for something else to distract her.

"What about you,ma'am?" a voice said. Pauline turned back to waiter,who was waiting to take her order.

"Oh uh..." Pauline glanced down at the menu. "I'll just...have a salad,please..."

The waiter nodded and left the table. Mario then looked back at Pauline with a concerned expression.

"I'm fine,Mario. I just....need to use the ladies room. Can you excuse me for a minute?" Pauline asked. Mario nodded and gave her a thumbs up. Pauline got up from the table and thanked him. she then looked around and found the toilets near the entrance. With a smile on her face,Pauline approached the toilet door. But as she got closer to the toilet,she could hear some screaming coming from outside the restaurant. Pauline stopped and looked outside. The residents outside were running away from something. I didn't take long for Pauline to see what they were running from,as a gorilla stopped in front of the restaurant and looked around while beating his chest. Pauline recognized the Gorilla. But before she could run back to the table to tell her boyfriend,the Gorilla spotted her and made a mad dash towards her.He burst right through the small entrance and grabbed Pauline with his big hands.

"Aaaah! Let go of me!" Mario got up from his table and ran up to the gorilla. The gorilla turned around and roared Mario.

"Mario! Help me!" Pauline said as she tried to break free. However,not only did the Gorilla have a tight grip on her,but moving around so much caused her to feel a twinge in her bladder. Mario tried to get closer to the Gorilla,but he smacked him away and knocked him into a nearby table.

"MARIO!" Pauline shouted. The Gorilla let out a laugh and got out of the restaurant with Pauline on his shoulder.

"Ahh...Please....let go of me!" Pauline said. The Gorilla's movement was causing all the urine in her bladder to slosh around. After a few minutes,The Gorilla stopped running. Pauline looked around to see if her boyfriend was anywhere. She then noticed that she was back at the construction side. The gorilla started climbing up the ladders with Pauline still on his shoulder. As they got higher,Pauline looked down and spotted another portable toilet. She let out a groan and looked back at the gorilla. the gorilla started jumping up and down,with her STILL on his shoulder.

"Aaaahhh! No! Stop! Ah!" Pauline said as she could once again feel the urine sloshing in her bladder. The Gorilla jumping up and down caused some of the ladders to fall off the construction side. he smiled and finally put his captive down. Pauline quickly jammed her hands between her legs and started shifting her weight from side to side. She looked up and the Gorilla was staring at her with a creepy grin.

"HEY!".....The sudden voice caused his grin to disappear. he looked down and saw Mario stand there with an angry expression on his face. The Gorilla roared at the carpenter and grabbed his girlfriend again. He placed her on top of a platform next to some barrels. Mario started climbing the construction side in order to reach his girlfriend.

The Gorilla grabbed a few barrels and threw them down. Mario climber another ladder and took a few steps forward until he saw a couple of Barrels rolling towards him. The carpenter jumped over the barrels with ease,showing why he was known as "Jump Man" my some. he climbed another ladders and jumped through another set of barrels.

"C'mon Mario,you can do it..." Pauline said as she was still trying to hold in her pee. she was completely unable to stand still by this point. Mario climbed another set of ladders and was standing right below the Gorilla. The Gorilla grabbed a barrel and dropped it on the carpenter's face,causing him to fall of the construction site.

"MARIO! NO!" Pauline yelled as she reached out to her boyfriend. The Gorilla laughed and threw more barrels down. Mario got up and took a moment to regain his composure. he looked up and immediately moved out of the way. A Barrel landed right on the spot he was just standing on. Mario climbed up the ladders again and jumped over the barrels coming towards him. While he was climber another ladder,The Gorilla grabbed another barrel dropped it in front of him again.

"LOOK OUT!" Pauline yelled,Mario quickly let go of the ladder and dodged the barrel. He quickly climbed up the ladder and kept running towards the other one. The Gorilla threw a barrel forward and then immediately dropped another one in front of him. Mario climbed the ladder and leaped over one of the barrels. The other one landed in front of the other ladder and rolled towards him. Mario leaped over the barrel again and climbed up the ladder,he was once again below the Gorilla. But this time he kept moving to avoid getting hit. Pauline smiled as she saw her boyfriend getting closer to her. The Gorilla let out a roar and started throwing the barrels much faster. Causing Mario to stop in his tracks and jump over them all without being able to move forward.

Pauline's smile disappeared and she started to get worried again. She frantically started looking around while keeping her hands between her legs. While Mario kept jumping over the barrels while trying to find a way to move forward without getting hit by them. while he was looking around,he tripped over one of the barrels. Causing him to fall of the construction site gain.

Pauline's eyes widened as she reached out for her boyfriend again. All of the sudden,the Gorilla grabbed her and hugged her tightly,making it more difficult for her to keep her bladder under control.

"Please....ngh....n-no!" Pauline said as she tried to get the Gorilla to stop. The Gorilla looked down again to see if had knocked down the carpenter for good,but his smile quickly disappeared once he saw the carpenter climbing the construction site again. Angered,he let go of Pauline and started throwing barrels again. Mario climbed up another ladder and waited for the barrels to get closer. That's when he pulled out a hammer and smashed the barrels into pieces. Pauline gasped and smiled,while the Gorilla was panicking. He started throwing more barrels at the carpenter,but Mario broke each of them with his barrel.

Mario had finally made it to the top of the construction site. The Gorilla kept throwing barrels at him in the hopes that he would be knocked down once again. But it was all futile as Mario broke all of them with his hammer. Mario then ran up to the Gorilla and Swung his hammer at him,Striking the Gorilla in the stomach and knocking him of the construction site. The gorilla landed on his back and tried to get up. But he impact of the fall caused him to soon lose his consciousness.

"Mario!" Pauline said as she let go off her crotch and ran up to her boyfriend. She quickly stopped once she felt another wave of pressure going through her body. Mario stopped and asked if she was Okay.

"I-I'm fine..Just...please let's get off this thing...." Pauline said.

###

Soon,Mario and Pauline were at the bottom of the construction site again. Pauline took a few steps forward and felt yet another wave of pressure in her body,Causing her to let out a moan. Mario turned around to check if she was okay.

"Mario....i need pee...." Pauline said as started fidgeting. Mario looked around and pointed at a portable toilet,the same toilet she saw while was on the Gorilla's shoulders.

"Please excuse me!" Pauline said as she ran past Mario with both of her hands between her legs. she ran past a few of the construction workers who were approaching Mario and opened the toilet door. She then turned around and shut the door behind her. Not being able to wait any longer,she turned around and lifted her dress up. Revealing some black Lacey panties. She pulled them down and sat on the toilet. One second later,a strong stream of pee shot out of her body.

Pauline gasped as she finally lost control of her bladder. a wave of pleasure went through her body,causing her to let a sigh of relief. she closed her eyes and relaxed as her stream continued to splatter against the toilet bowl. There were a few workers talking outside,but Pauline couldn't really hear them over her stream and her own sighs. After what felt like a minute,Pauline's stream weakened until it turned into a couple of drops. Pauline exhaled and grabbed some toilet paper. After she wiped womanhood,she got up and tossed the paper into the toilet. She then pulled up her panties and lowered the bottom of her dress. after which she flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

Upon exiting the toilet,she saw some of the construction workers talking to Mario. She looked around and saw that the Gorilla was back in it's cage and still unconscious. A few of the workers approached her and asked her things like "Are you okay?"

"Did he do anything to you?" Pauline answered some of these questions,but ignored most of them as she approached her boyfriend.

"Mario...can we go home now?" Pauline asked. Mario nodded and held out his hand. Pauline grabbed it and the two started walking away from the construction site. Pauline looked to her side and once again saw the fountain. She looked back at the construction site and sighed.

"I can't wait to get home and rest...it's been an eventful day..." Pauline said.

