The desperate coach trip

Author: Omolover222

*000*2021-12-11 14:49

Noah Smith loved drinking water. He loved to guzzle water from his water bottle whenever he could. Unfortunately, that made him need to go to the bathroom often, and he would often just barely make it, having leaked in his pants before he made it.

Today, Noah was heading out on a school trip, with his boyfriend, Logan.

Noah looked most like a girl, having pretty eyes and curly blonde hair. He was basically a pretty boy. In fact, he had been mistaken for a girl several times in his life. However, one thing that clearly distinguished Noah as a boy was the size of his bulge. He had a very big, noticeable bulge.

Today, Noah wore his standard school uniform. That being skinny black slacks, a white shirt and tie, and a jumper and blazer. This combination made Noah very hot, so he drank even more water than normal.

As the coach entered the highway, he instantly regretted his decision. He had to pee. And the coach trip was 8 hours, with only one break 4 hours in. He already had to pee and the rest break was 3 hours away! He sighed and prepared himself for 3 hours of agony and torture.

About 30 minutes had gone by and his kidneys consistently filtered urine into his bladder. He discreetly bought his legs together, so he’d be able to crush his large penis between them.

Another 30 minutes had passed again, and now his bladder was full. There were two hours left until he could relive himself and he didn’t know if he could wait that long. Noah crossed his legs, and drummed his fingers on his knee, and rested his left hand near his bulge.

Logan looked over at Noah. Logan was secretly into omorashi, and knew that Noah’s bladder was full. The way Noah was acting was clear to him. Logan felt himself starting to get hard as he watched Noah squirm as discreetly as he could.

Noah wanted a bathroom incredibly badly. The coach was driving by an uneven stretch of road and each bump sent shivers down his bladder. Which was already full and filling. He bit his lip and discreetly held himself, longing to pee. But at least there was only an hour left. Only an hour left before he could pee in the bathroom.

Noah moaned as another wave of desperation hit him. He grabbed himself harder and winced as it hurt. But Noah looked at the clock. Yes! It was time for the break! The coach was pulling into the service stop!

Logan looked around. Noah was the most desperate, but the other boys on the bus looked like they needed a bathroom too. They were squirming, crossing their legs, even holding their dicks! When the bus stopped, the desperate boys rushed to the bathroom, ready to release their throbbing bladders. But there was only one stall, and funnily enough, the least desperate person (Logan) got in first. The line was oddly arranged in desperation, with the least desperate at the front, and the most desperate at the back. It was almost as if it was deliberate. Hmm…

The boys all sighed and shifted their weight as they tried to hold back the mountain of pee in the bladders, the boy inside was taking forever! But eventually, he exited and the next boy ran in. There was about 50 boys on the coach and the break was about 10 minutes long. Enough for most people to pee, but the school had failed to account for the sheer amount of urine the boys needed to release!

As time went on each boy got more desperate, especially Noah, who had thrown being discrete to the wind - he was bouncing about, holding his crotch and about to pee his pants.

At least 5 of the remaining 23 boys in the line had bladder bulges - that’s how desperate they were but there was only 5 minutes left!

The bus was setting of, but 15 boys still needed to relive themselves. All of them were agonisingly desperate, but they figured they could hold it for just 4 more hours. Well actually they didn’t but they would try. But all of that came down the drain as the coach slowed to a stop. Traffic they said.

Each boy moaned and squirmed as they waited. And Noah was still the most desperate of them all. But Logan was in paradise! He was sitting in the aisle seat and all around him, there were desperate boys trying to hold their pee in. His dick was noticeably erect and he looked around the beautiful sight of desperation. Each desperate boy was doing some sort of a pee pee dance, be it as simple as tightly crossed legs, to full on squirming like Noah.

Then the first accident occurred! It was Noah. His overfull bladder had had enough and pee was beginning to stream down his beautiful theighs and forming a puddle around him. It was a big puddle and Logan was surprised Noah was able to hold that much. He got even more horny and he looked around saw that everyone else on the couch was cringing from his the sound of Noah’s urine hitting the floor.

The coach still hasn’t moved, and there was still a considerable distance to go. Logan discreetly took out his phone and started to film the desperate boys, wondering who would fall first…

TO BE CONTINUED… whenever possible

*001*2021-12-12 16:34

Part 2!

Noah was sobbing. He had released the entire contents of his bladder all over his seat. And the guys who weren’t desperate started to laugh at him. He sobbed and wondered when he could change out of his soaked clothes and if he would get in trouble for running the seat. And the floor.

At this stage I should tell you what the other desperate boys looked like.

There were 15 of them like I said.

The first one had straight blonde hair and a big bulge. He was Alex. He was slim but didn’t looked feminine, like Noah. He was perhaps the most desperate now, considering Noah had wet himself. He was squirming and tears pricked his eyes. Caine was bisexual and he and another boy kept giving each other side glances at each other.

There was also Caine, who was taller and had a small bulge. He was desperate to go as well and had his legs crossed and his face showed agony.

Sam was another boy on the bus. He was more muscular and had a strong bladder, but there was so much fluid in it that even he was having trouble holding it in. He was gripping his dick with great vigour as he tried to hold back the tsunami of fluids inside him.

Quinn was very small and nimble, and had a large bulge, which was a contrast as the rest of him was miniscule. His bladder was close to bursting and he had smushed his dick in between his leg while drumming his fingers on his knees.

Jack was thin and tall. Not unlike a twig. He had black hair and his bladder protruded outwards, like Alex’s. He was the second most desperate to go and kept whimpering as he did a full on pee dance.

Dexter was trying to be discreet about his desperation. His hair was shaved so close to his scale that he was almost bald. Dexter enjoyed being the tough guy and was NOT about to show his desperation, even though he could lose control at anytime. Dexter shifted about, keeping his legs together but not crossing them, or holding himself.

Peter had red hair and freckles. He was more wider than the other boys and was holding himself. He wanted to go so badly but there was nowhere to go.

Ben had dyed blue hair and was chubbier than the others. His legs were slammed together and he was hopping about, trying to contain his pee.

While the other boys needed to go to, they were nowhere nearly as desperate as the ones above… yet.

The bus still hasn’t moved. It had stayed there for an hour and everyone getting antsy. Alex had leaked heavily into his pants. His bladder felt so hard and it was cramping. He had never held it this long - ever! His hands were wrapped around his dick, and his crush was looking at him in something that could only be described as arousal.

He really didn’t want to pee in front of his crush, but he couldn’t stop his dance, lest he pee himself like poor Noah did. He moaned when suddenly-

Ben got up, his hand gripping his penis. Crossing his legs, he begged the teacher if he could nip out and pee by the side of the road. The teacher pursed her lips but refused. Someone in the back shouted “Use a bottle, Ben!” It was sincere.

Ben nodded, and trembling, he waddled over to the back of the coach and took an empty bottle from the shouter. He aimed and started to relapse. The sound of urine hitting plastic echoed around the coach. The other unmentioned 7 boys who were all desperate all whipped out bottles of their own and relieved themselves too. But Alex, Caine, Sam, Quinn, Dexter, Jack and Peter didn’t have any bottles or in the case of Alex and Dexter, weren’t willing to pee in a bottle.

Then Jack couldn’t hold it. He had enough. He snatched the pee bottle from Ben and emptied it on the floor. He cringed at doing so and leaked a big. He pulled down his pants, revealing a rather small penis and forcefully peed inside. Jack moaned in pleasure as his bursting bladder emptied in the bottle. That was until it overflowed. But Jack couldn’t stop. He as on Cloud 9 and kept peeing, even though his pee was hitting the floor. Eventually he stopped and handed the bottle back to Ben and sat back casually.

The sound was too much for Dexter, who was sitting just behind to handle, and he began to pee his pants! Tears pricked his eyes, he swelled his pride, crossed his legs, pulled out a bottle from his bag, peed it in, not pulling down his tracksuit. After he was done, the bus began to move, and Dexter threw the bottle out of the bus.

Alex was so desperate that he couldn’t hold it any more! He shakily pulled out a bottle and got ready to pee in it, when suddenly, Peter reached across and snatched it. Dying to urinate, Peter unzipped, and peed. His dick was even smaller than Jack’s but eventually Peter was done, revealing an overflowing water bottle, which he screwed the cap on and carefully placed on the table by him.

That was too much for Alex and he began to pee! He grabbed a hold of his dick and hopped around! He squirmed and squirmed and managed to gain control of his flow, but there was a noticeable stain on his bulge. Alex howled in desperation, as his crush looked on in sympathy and arousal.

Several rows behind, Sam felt himself let go. Sam knew fighting was futile and released, forcefully spraying pee all over the seat. Once he was done, he sat back down, relived to have peed, but a wet spot appearing on his shorts.

Only Quinn and Alex remained, and the two of them were as bursting as ever. Alex had leaked heavily, and Quinn hadn’t and the both of them squirmed and squirmed. Eventually, the coach pulled into their destination. Alex and Quinn made a beeline for the bathrooms but the teacher called them back. They need to collect their suitcases, put them into their rooms and come straight back. No time for peeing, there has already been a delay due to the coach.

Alex and Quinn moaned. But ran to their cabins, desperate to try and get in at least a little piss before they needed to go. But Alex and Quinn were in the same room. Quinn got there first and dashed into the bathroom first. Alex banged on the door, tears pricking his eyes.

”Please let me go Quinn! I’m about to wet myself”

”So am I!” Came the indignant voice of Quinn who was struggling with his belt.

“At least let us share! Or let me pee in the shower or something!” Begged Alex, another stream of pee coming free.

”No!” Snapped Quinn.

“Hurry up Boys! You have 1 minute!” Cane the voice of their teacher.

Just then, Quinn got his belt undone, and doing a crazy pretzel dance, pulled down his moist khakis, and and soaked boxers, and pulled out a large tortured dick, which started to release without any input from him.

Quinn took about a minute in there, and as he left, Alex made to go in when the teacher stopped him. To roll call she said.

But Alex could barely hold it. And he couldn’t go!

To be continued…

*002*2021-12-13 16:10

I decided to rewrite the end part of Part 2:

Here it is:

Quinn was dying. He was shaking as he made his way into the cabin, dumping his bag by the door. His bladder was on the verge of blowing, and he knew Alex wanted to go too. He had to get there before him, waiting another second was out of the question.

He buried his hands deep in his crotch, he shuffled towards the door when Alex called out.

”Hey! P-please let me g-go first. I’m d-d-dying…”

Quinn shook his head, as his bladder began to involuntarily release. Hopping up and down, he just managed to gain control of his flow. He saw Alex coming towards him, he knew Alex was going to get in there first! Quinn dashed in the bathroom and made to slam the door, when Alex put his foot in between.

“Please!” Begged Alex, his hands gripping his massive cock, and tears streaming down his eyes. “I’m about to wet myself!”

“So am I!” Grunted a disgruntled Quinn., “Let go of the door so we can both go!”

“At least let us pee together!” Came Alex’s desperate reply.

”No!” Snapped Quinn.

Quinn’s bladder was beginning to release now. Desperate, Quinn stamped on Alex’s foot and slammed the door in his face.

He heard a whimper and a moan, quickly followed by a knocking at the door.

“Please let me in, I’m going to pee myself!” Begged Alex, shifting like mad.

Quinn didn’t respond. He needed to focus on getting his belt undone. He shifted around and crossed his legs as he fiddled with his belt. He suddenly grabbed himself. He jumped up and down and cried as he began to wet. But he wasn’t going to give up. Trembling, and with pee streaming down his legs, he managed to get his belt undone.

Quick as a flash, he pulled down his pee stained shorts, revealing soaked boxers and a big bulge. He yanked down his boxers, his stream becoming stronger and relaxed his bladder. Pee shot out of his large cock like mad, and Quinn sighed as he finished peeing.

He looked down. His 5” cock was soaked in its own liquid and there was pee everywhere. Knowing he didn’t have time to change, he sighed and pulled up his ruined clothes. He opened the door to a desperate Alex, right as their teacher came along.

“Come along boys! We haven’t got all day!” She screeched.

”Please miss!” Begged Alex, “I haven’t a chance to go all day! I’m bursting! I’m about to wet myself!”

”No time!” Said the teacher. “Go to the meeting point!”

Alex whimpered and sighed as he trudged towards the meeting point, his overfull bladder sitting heavily in his abdomen, and shot an ungrateful glance and Quinn, who seemed to have leaked quite heavily.

Alex hopped around at the meeting point, ready to go right NOW!

He stumbled over to the teacher.

“I’m literally peeing!” He gasped, “Please - let me go in the bushes!”

But Alex was forced to stand in line. His massive bulge was soaked, and streams had run down his jeans. He was obviously loosing the battle, and his eyes flirted around madly, desperate for a loo.

His crush came over. Rock hard. Evidently the sight of Alex had aroused him.

Meanwhile, Logan was filming this from afar. Watching Alex squirm was amazing!

Alex suddenly gasped, he was beginning to lee his pants. He squirmed even deeper, grabbing his massive cock and crossing his well-built legs.

“Fuck!” Snapped Alex and he stumbled over to a bush, closely followed by his crush and Logan. He lifted his shirt to undo his belt, and his crush and Logan gasped. Alex’s bladder was bulging so big, and his belt cut into it. It was worrying, seeing someone that full.

Alex was having trouble undoing his belt too, doing every pee pee dance under the sun to keep his flood in. But his efforts were futile and he kept leaking into his pants as he fidgeted with his belt. But eventually, he was able to get it undone, and he whipped out his massive cock, and relaxed. It took him two whole minutes to finish and by then he was feeling rather embarrassed.

Alex panted, looking down at the mess he’d made, before breaking down in tears.

THE END;

A/N: Alex will appear again in another novel, the other boys won’t. That is all and goodnight!

*004*2022-02-24 18:26

Disclaimer: They’re all 18 or older.

