Connie's Gem Hunt Desperation (Steven Universe)

Author: owhat

*000*2018-06-12 23:32

During Gem Hunt, Steven and Connie separate from Pearl to explore on their own. They hunker down in a hollowed-out tree as they make camp.

Chapter 1

“The tea’s ready!” Connie said, pouring both her and Steven a mug as they sat down next to each other. Steven took a small sip.

“So, how is it?”

“It’s…bad.”

“Well, yeah,” replied Connie. “It’s not about tasting good, Steven, it’s about surviving The Punishment of Nature!” Connie took a confident sip, and paused.

“On second thought,” she said, reaching back into her bag, “a little flavor wouldn’t hurt. I think I still have these in here…got it!” She pulled out her hand and proffered a handful of tea bags decorated with oranges and lemons.

“Here, let’s put these back in,” she said, both of them tipping the contents of their mugs back into the pot. Connie unpackaged a few tea bags and dragged them slowly through the water. After a minute, a tangy aroma had filled up the nook in which they’d been sheltering.

“Is it ready?” Steven asked. “It smells really good!”

“I know, I can’t wait to try - umm…” Connie cut off and stared at the teapot. “Wait!” she said, “No, this was a mistake!”

All of a sudden, Connie was shuffling about the tree, first yanking the tea bags out of the pot as she dug around in her bag with her other hand. She extracted a wad of tissues, which she wrapped the soaked tea bags in before burying them in a pocket of her pack.

“Connie, are you OK? What’s going on?”

“It’s fine, Steven, I’m just - what was I thinking?” To Steven’s confusion, Connie had poured out a mug of the sweet-smelling liquid, and she gulped it down.

“It’s wilderness survival 101!” she gasped as she poured another mug-full. “Bears, wolves, plus this corrupted gem - who knows if it can smell?” She drank again. “I’m giving away our location to any of them that might be out there!” She was on her third mug now, with the pot steadily emptying. “Don’t worry, Steven, I will take care of this!”

“Connie, it’s OK. I’ll go dump the rest out.”

“It’s fine!” Connie said between sips, a note of franticness still in her voice. “I don’t want to try and take it to a safe distance in this blizzard. This way, the smell is gone.”

She finished the last of the tea, draining off and drinking the last bit of it in the pot before tossing it and the remains of the pine needles she’d been brewing into her pack as well. “There”, she said, relieved. “Now, we aren’t sitting ducks staying here. How’s the weather doing?”

Steven got up, pulled aside a tiny corner of the tarp they’d set up as a barrier to the outside, and turned back.

“Still pretty bad!” he said smiling.

“Then the campout continues!” said Connie.

They passed the next hour on one of Steven’s board games. Connie positioned herself strategically by the flap of the tarp, and took frequent looks out to check on the status of the snowstorm.

At the end of the hour, Connie peeked out for what she realized, embarrassed, was the seventh time in just the last few minutes. She turned back, shifting in her seat. It had taken a few minutes for her to fully settle down after hurriedly disposing of their tea, but now that she had, she could feel signals from her bladder, saying that very soon she’d need to “dispose” of it again.

“Any luck?” said Steven after Connie had turned back.

“Nope, no change yet. I’ll keep checking.”

“Cool. Do you mind if -“ he started, yawning as he stretched his arms over his head, “I take a quick snooze, while we wait for the blizzard to be over?”

“Yeah, no problem! You can definitely count on me!” said Connie, a little overexcited at the prospect of being able to deal with her problem without his knowledge.

Steven smiled. “You’re the best! Wake me if there’s monsters,” he said as he laid down, resting his head on the edge of Connie’s lap.

Connie took a breath, waiting to object to her plans to sneak out being thwarted, but she relaxed when she saw Steven’s peaceful face as he rested his head on her. Taking a book from her bag, she started reading, resolved to keep her mind off her bladder until Steven woke up, the storm passed, and she could take care of business in peace.

Chapter 2

Connie grimaced as she glanced from her book to her watch. A little past 30 minutes. She had counted on Steven being up and her being in the middle of blissfully watering the grass by now. But it was not to be. Steven had taken a few minutes to fall asleep and was still out cold in a pose she found too cute to want to disrupt. Even worse, her routine checks of the weather were to no avail; at one point, she could’ve sworn the snow was whipping about at the fastest pace she’d seen yet.

She had tried to pass her anxious wait reading, but her bladder was occupying most of her focus. Not wanting to jostle Steven from her lap, she had avoided moving her legs - as desperately as she wanted to - and had settled for occasionally holding herself with the hand opposite him. She took another glance outside, hoping something might have changed. She had her muscles tightly clamped shut, but her hold was starting to slip.

Her mind was hardly cooperating. As hard as the blizzard was making it to see outside, every time she peered over at the grove of trees she had noticed nearby, she couldn’t help but imagine jumping out of her hiding spot, racing across to them, tearing down her pants, and squatting as she sprayed a big teapot’s worth of pee out into the snow…

Connie shook off this thought and calmed herself. “You’ve got this,” she thought. “We do whatever the mission requires. Right now, that’s holding in my urine for the proper moment. As long as it takes!” Resolved, she opened her book again, and took a deep, relaxing breath.

Psss! Connie slammed the book shut as she jerked her legs back slightly. It had only been for a moment, but she could feel it - a tiny drop had come out of her.

Steven began to stir from the commotion. Connie thought quickly.

“Oh, you’re up!” she said, gently moving his head off of her and inching her way towards the door, towards somewhere, anywhere she could pee.

“I’m just, um, gonna go check things out. Hold down the fort, OK? Connie started fumbling with the tarp to detach it from the wall.

“Connie? Connie, wait!” said Steven, coming over. “Is it still blizzarding out there?”

“N-no, no way!” Connie replied. “It’s been looking like it’s gonna clear up any moment! I’m just gonna go out and see that the coast is clear.”

Connie had peeled back part of the tarp, revealing the howling vortex of snow that was pressing up against them. Steven started moving the tarp back into place.

“Connie, what are you talking about? You can’t go out there now!”

“But I-“ Connie couldn’t think of anything convincing, and shut the tarp the rest of the way. Standing up now, she was having a hard time standing still. As little as pressing one hand into her bladder had done before, with Steven awake and no way to get relief, the surges of liquid from her bladder made her shiver, and she fidgeted ever so slightly as she walked around the inside of the tree.

“Connie?” asked Steven. “Are you OK?”

Connie blushed at the realization that he’d picked up on her problem. There was no point hiding it anymore.

“I’m so sorry about this, Steven, I just…I really have to use the bathroom.”

“Oh, sure thing!” said Steven. “Look - I’ll make it so I can’t see,” he said, pulling his coat up to cover his eyes. “Or hear!” He placed his hands over his ears, turned, and walked over to the far end of the tree. “Tell me when you’re done, Connie!”

“Steven!” she said. He couldn’t hear her. She walked over and got his attention again. “Steven, I can’t go in here!”

“Why not?”

Connie crossed to her pack, took out a trail guide, and opened to one of many bookmarked pages. She pointed to the diagram on the page. “Urine attracts animals! I won’t jeopardize the mission just because I couldn’t hold it in, like a kid!”

“But I thought you really had to go!”

“I can hold it!” she half-shouted, quickly removing the hand she had subconsciously pressed into her crotch.

“Alright, hold on,” said Steven, walking around the tree. “There’s gotta something else we can do.” He began to dig around in their packs. “Oh, I know! If there’s something we can use so it doesn’t smell so much…” But Connie’s eyes had already seized on something: her empty thermos.

“Steven, that’s it!” said Connie, hurriedly picking up the bottle. She checked that the cap was on tight and smelled the outside of it. “It’s smell-proof! This is perfect!”

Steven stared for a moment. “Well, OK!” he said, turning back towards the far corner of the room. “I’ll be over here!” and he started to cover his ears again.

“Wait, Steven!” said Connie. He turned back around. “Do you think you could help me?”

“W-what? With what?”

“With this!” said Connie, holding up the thermos. “I’ve never really done this before. A second set of hands might make it easier not to get any on the ground.”

Steven looked dumbstruck. “But you’ll be - I’ll see you - I mean I can’t…“

“Steven,” Connie said flatly, “how often are we in the same body together? This is nothing! Don’t you remember that one time we were Stevonnie, and we had to -“

“You said you’d never bring that up!”

“Steven, will you please help me? I can’t hold it in any longer!”

Steven hesitated, then finally walked over. “Alright, I’ll do it.”

Chapter 3

Connie beamed. She handed the thermos to Steven (“Hold this, please!”) as she unbuttoned and unzipped her pants, and brought them down with her underwear to her ankles.

Steven took a long look. Her girly bits, which were frequently clenching with her attempts to hold in what felt like an ocean of urine, sat below a patch of thin black hair. Steven pried his attention away from them after a second to hear Connie’s instructions.

“I’ll have to use my hands to aim, so I need you to hold the bottle steady. When you’ve got it in place, let me know and I’ll start going. Please hurry!”

Steven uncapped the thermos and brought it close to her lower body. “Where does it come out of?” he asked.

“I…don’t know exactly!”

“You don’t know?”

“I don’t know! It’s not like I can see it when I’m going!”

“Then where do I put it?”

“Hold on…” she furrowed her brow in concentration. “OK, I’m gonna let a little bit out, and then put it where it goes. Then let me know! Make sure you move it up a little when I go for real, the flow velocity’s going to go up! OK, ready?”

“R-Ready!”

Connie relaxed her muscles ever so slightly. She bristled at the sensation of her pee starting to travel through her body. She flexed her hold again to stop it, and used her hands to position herself to aim roughly into the bottle. She relaxed more.

Within a second, a thin stream of clear-colored pee flowed out of her, as Connie clamped herself shut again. The tiny trail of pee splashed briefly off the rim of the bottle as Steven repositioned it, catching the rest in the center as they heard it pitter against the bottom. As unbearable as she was finding holding back her urine now, Connie smiled confidently as the two looked at each other, and they both silently nodded. Connie returned her gaze downward.

She relaxed her body again, trying to release her pee as gradually as possible. Just as soon as she started, a stream just as thin as before flowed out of her again, and she watched it travel into the thermos’s center. Even the first twinges of relief were heavenly, as she felt the warm sensation of her crystal-clear pee flowing all the way to its exit.

She let go a little more. The flow intensified, and Steven lifted the bottle up to meet it - and, seeing that he was managing to catch all of it, Connie released completely.

Connie’s flow exploded in volume, as the stream picked up (as Steven followed it) and thickened nearly to the width of a finger. It clattered against the metal bottom of the thermos for a time before changing to a loud splashing as it hit urine instead. Connie closed her eyes as utter relief spread from her crotch all throughout her body. “Ahhhhhhhhh, this feels so much better! Whew!” she added, looking back down at the pee spraying out of her, “I really needed to tinkle!”

Steven blushed. “It looks like it.” He paused. “It smells like tea.”

“I know!” Connie laughed. “And you wanted me to tinkle on the floor! Umm…speaking of - do we have a second one of those?”

“Huh? Oh, right,” Steven said, noticing that Connie’s thermos was almost filled up with her frothing pee. “Hold on - stop it…now!”

Connie squeezed her bladder muscles and her flow trailed off as Steven followed it back to her legs with the thermos, catching the last drops. “Find something fast!” she said.

Steven hurriedly screwed on the cap and placed it down before searching through their packs. Pulling out his mostly-empty water bottle, he carried it back over as Connie danced in place, both hands firmly pressing her crotch now. They both got back in position as Steven re-centered the bottle.

Connie released her pee again as she sighed in relief. It had taken her over a minute to fill the thermos, but she was still spraying strongly as she began to fill the bottle. When the bottle reached its halfway mark she was beginning to worry they’d have to search for a third container, but she shortly felt the pressure in her bladder start to fade, and eventually her stream trailed off. Steven brought the bottle closer as the last of her pee trickled gently out of her urethra, before it stopped.

Steven retracted and capped the bottle as Connie breathed deeply and sighed again. As she did, a final trickle of sprinkled out and wet the ground below her. “Aw man!” she said, smirking. “And we went through all that! Well, it shouldn’t be enough to smell from too far away, anyway.

“Steven, thank you so much. I’ve never had to pee that badly in my life!” Steven smiled, but he was transfixed looking over the bottle that held Connie’s urine.

“It’s so clear!” he said. “And warm!”

“According to The Punishment of Nature, clear pee is the best sign you’re properly hydrated!” Connie said, smiling as she straightened herself up, hands proudly on her naked hips.

“Cool! Does it say anything else about surviving with pee?”

“Yeah, actually,” Connie said. “Let me see that bottle!”

Steven passed it over, and Connie held the warm former contents of her bladder in her hands. Before Steven could react she’d uncapped it, put it at her lips, and taken a swig of her pee.

“Connie, did you just -?”

“Yep! I wouldn’t do it a lot, but you never know when you might need it to survive. And it’s surprisingly OK, considering it tastes like…sort-of salty tea.”

Steven was awestruck as Connie bent down and began to pull up her underwear. “Ah!” she said, stopping. “Right, wiping. Umm, Steven could you hand me something?”

“Like what?”

“Just something I can wipe myself off with? A towel or something?”

“Girls have to do that when they pee?” he said, handing her a tissue.

“Well, yeah, look!” she said, tilting her pelvis towards him. Despite her aiming, flecks of urine coated the outside of her urethra and labia. “See? I’ve been thinking of a way to explain this to you ever since we had so much trouble as Stevonnie -“

“Stop talking about it!”

“Anyway, just keep it in mind next time we’re fused, in case we have to -“

“OK, OK! It comes out of the little hole that’s above the bigger hole! And it makes a mess! I got it!”

Connie wiped herself off, dressed, and when the blizzard subsided they continued on their way.

___

Thanks for reading! Feel free to add any requests - for example, if you'd like more w/ Connie vs. making good on that Stevonnie story that gets referenced.

