Valerie 18 - Léa

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-09-26 13:42

VALERIE 18 - LÉA

"I bumped in to an old friend yesterday" said Angela as we were finishing breakfast in the Tuscan villa. "I was telling her about that fashion village Amanda went to the other day and we decided to make a trip there today to do some shopping and to catch up with each other's news."

"Hélène has been going through a messy divorce and she was saying that Léa, her teenage daughter, has taken it particularly hard. She had hoped that bringing her to Italy for a touring holiday would help but apparently it isn't going at all well. Hélène says that she knows she is tense because of all the things that are going on in her life at the moment. The other day she snapped at Léa for something that really was not her fault and now they're hardly on speaking terms.

"Hélène took up my offer for Léa to spend the day by the pool with you lot rather than trail round the shops with us. For one thing it will help Hélène to be able to talk more freely and for another it will give Léa some time with people closer to her own age - I hope that's OK with everybody."

"Of course its OK!" said Valerie. "She'll be very welcome!" We all nodded our agreement.

Angela flashed a smile of thanks and went upstairs to get ready, just as Amanda clattered down the stairs and grabbed a coffee. Valerie told her about the day's arrangements whilst Emily and Jack, today's duty cooks, picked up the keys to the battered old Fiat hatchback and left to make the long round trip to the nearest supermarket.

A few minutes later a sleek black DS saloon swept up to the front door of the villa and Valerie and Amanda walked out to greet the arrivals. Out of the car stepped the girl who had wet herself at the ruined monastery (Valerie 17) and her fearsome mother.

Valerie stepped forward to introduce herself and Amanda and to say that her mother would be down in a few minutes. Léa and Amanda exchanged looks of mutual recognition. Léa blushed deeply and stared awkwardly at the ground.

The mother also clearly recognised Amanda. She shook her hand briefly. "Enchanté" she said, in a glacial voice that clearly indicated she was anything but.

Angela emerged from the villa, kissed Léa's mother on both cheeks and was introduced to her daughter. "Glad to meet you Léa" said Angela. "I'm sure you will have a nice day with the girls." Léa's mother glanced at Amanda and pursed her lips. They took their seats and the black DS drove off.

"Come on Léa" said Valerie cheerfully "Let's see if the others have left us any breakfast."

###

I stood up as Valerie and Amanda escorted Léa into the breakfast room. Léa was slim and potentially attractive but at the moment she seemed pale and wan and looked as though she would rather be anywhere else on the planet but here. Valerie made the introductions and Léa gave me a limp handshake.

At that moment Callum walked in to the breakfast room. Léa took one look at him and burst into tears. Amanda put her arm round her, led her away into the living room and closed the door behind them.

"I wonder what all that was about?" said Valerie as we looked at each other in astonishment.

"Um...I think I know" said Callum. "Amanda and I saw that girl with her mother a few days ago. We had gone exploring exploring and we ended up at a ruined monastery near here. There were quite a few other people about, including them. Amanda was bursting for the loo but it turned out that they were closed.

"Then therere was one of those sudden intense downpours you sometimes get round here and everybody ran for shelter in a sort of undercroft that was the only part of the building that still had a roof. The girl was telling her mother that she urgently needed to pee but the rain was torrential, there was no roof on most of the building and there weren't any loos anyway.

Whilst we were all standing there waiting for the rain to ease off, Amanda wet her knickers and made a puddle on the floor. A few minutes later the girl lost control and peed in her shorts. It was all very public and her mother didn't seem best pleased."

The living room door opened and Léa and Amanda came out. Léa's eyes were red-rimmed and she was clutching a paper handkerchief but she seemed a little calmer. She accepted Valerie's offer of a cup of coffee and sat at the table holding it with both hands as though for comfort.

"Look, Callum has explained what happened the other day" said Valerie briskly. "Nobody here is laughing at you or thinks any the worse of you. Sometimes accidents can't be avoided - its just one of those things. And, as you saw, my sisters and I often wet ourselves, sometimes by accident, sometimes because its the easiest thing to do. It's no big deal."

Léa sat silent for a moment, staring into her coffee cup. Eventually she started to talk. "It wasn't just the accident" she said. "I wet myself quite often and as you say it is not such a big thing, even though it can be a bit embarrassing at the time. But on this occasion my mother reacted as if I had done it on purpose as a provocation.

"After the rain finished we had to make the long walk back to the car park. My shoes and socks were wet and we were passing lots of other people who could all see that I had relieved myself in my shorts. My mother offered me no comfort. Then she made a fuss about whether my wet clothes would spoil the car seat.

"When we got back to our hotel she did not offer to go inside and get me a skirt or something to put round me, she marched me through the lobby and up in the lift with more people staring at me. When we got to our rooms my mother just said 'clean yourself up!', went in her own room and slammed the door.

"I hated her for that. And it is not how she normally is. I know she is upset about her divorce but does she not think that I am upset too, at my own father leaving us? And now my mother and I are not talking to each other. very much" Fresh tears were running down her cheeks andshe started to sob.

"This really is all about the divorce, isn't it?" said Valerie gently. "I can only imagine how much you are both hurting at the moment. But these bad times will slowly pass and in the meantime you still have your mother and she still has you and I think that underneath it all you both still love each other very much."

Léa nodded slowly, wiping away her tears with the back of her hand.

Amanda took her by the hand. "Come on Léa, let me show you round the house. We'll start with where the loos are, though...." she giggled "....we don't always bother to come in from outside to use them." They walked into the hallway and up the staircase, Amanda pointing out the various rooms.

Valerie let out a long sigh. "Poor Léa!" she said. "She really is going through a rough time! We'll have to try to cheer her up a bit."

###

Valerie, now in her navy blue bikini, Callum and I walked down through the grounds of the villa to the swimming pool, carrying supplies of water to keep us refreshed as the daytime heat built up. Shortly afterwards Amanda and Léa joined us. Amanda had changed into her dark red bikini and Léa was wearing a pretty pale-blue bikini with a delicate floral pattern that showed her slim, shapely body and pert little breasts to advantage.

Emily and Jack walked down to the pool carrying shopping bags and a pack of charcoal. After Valerie had introduced them to Léa, Jack set about preparing and lighting the brick-built poolside barbecue. Callum and I returned to the house to fetch a fold-up table, some plastic chairs and a pop-up canopy to give us some shade as we ate.

"I texted mummy to see if Hélène wanted to join us for dinner this evening and she has replied that that would be a good idea" said Emily as she prepared food for the barbecue and unpacked cold beers and colas. "Is that OK with you Léa?"

Léa gave her a grateful smile. "That would be so good - for all sorts of reasons" she replied.

"I'm going to have a swim before lunch is ready" announced Valerie. She stretched lazily, stepped on to the grass, parted her legs and peed through her bikini as she swept her hair into a ponytail and tied it with a scrunchie.

Léa looked at her wide-eyed. Valerie gave her a mischievous grin and said "The only house rule is that we don't do a wee in the pool. Its a long way back to the loo so we do it here instead. Coming for a dip?"

Valerie, Léa and Amanda walked to the pool steps and squealed as they entered the cold water. After they had swum a few length Emily called"lunch in five minutes" so they scrambled out, picking up towels and drying themselves. Amanda paused. A stream of pee splashed on to the pavement between her feet.

"Don't mind the boys if you need a wee" Amanda murmured confidentially to Léa. "Just do it in your bikini. They've seen it all before, lots of times. And they wee in their bathers too." Léa nodded, blushing slightly, but did not take up the suggestion.

Lunch was the usual long, leisurely affair with plenty of water, cola and beer consumed as we waited for Jack to deliver successive consignments of freshly barbecued steak, sausages and seafood kebabs. Léa had become very quiet and just picked at her food.

Towards the end of the meal Léa wet herself. Pee trickled off the edge of her seat and splashed on to the pavement beneath. Quietly, she started to cry again.

I nodded to the other boys. "Shall we clear these things away and wash up?" Jack and Callum rose, scooped debris into bin bags and loaded the rest on to trays. Callum explained the back story to Jack whilst we carried the remains of lunch up to the house.

We took our time over the washing up and we helped Jack with some initial preparations for this evening's dinner so as to give the girls time to comfort Léa. By the time we returned Valerie and Emily were reclining on sun-loungers and reading but Léa and Amanda were nowhere to be seen.

I pulled up a sun-lounger and settled down beside Valerie. There was a large puddle on the paving beneath her sun-lounger and the openweave fabric was still dripping. "It must be a good story!" I commented.

She gave me her familiar mischievous grin "I couldn't put it down!" she replied.

"Do you know what the problem was with Léa at lunchtime?"

"She didn't want to make a point of going back to the house to use the loo when no one else was bothering to do so, nor did she want to do a wee on the grass with you boys around and, well, you saw the result" Valerie told me. "Her self-confidence is absolutely shot, poor girl. Anyway, we've patched her together again and she seems more or less OK at the moment. Amanda has taken her up to the gazebo so that she can talk in privacy if she wants to.

It was nearly two hours before Léa and Amanda returned to the poolside. Both of their bikinis had a fresh triangle of wetness between the legs. "Come on, Léa" said Amanda "Let's have a dip in the pool!" She picked up the beachball and jumped in with a huge splash, followed closely by Léa and Valerie.

Emily walked over to the grass and stood still, facing away from us. Her coral pink bikini darkened between her legs and the dark patch slowly spread upwards as pee flowed down her legs, over her bare feet and into the grass. Then she walked over to the pool steps, leaving a trail of wet footprints, and descended in to the water.

"What's the matter with you boys?" shouted Amanda cheekily from the pool. "Afraid of a bit of water?" The three of us hit the water simultaneously and a riotous game of pool volleyball followed, Léa squealing and giggling with delight. She seemed far happier than she had been all day.

After their dip Amanda and Léa stretched out on sun-loungers side by side, each with a chilled can of cola. Amanda asked about Léa's school and they chatted about her baccalauréat studies and her hopes for studying abroad. She in turn was interested to hear from Amanda about English universities and student life.

Eventually Amanda announced that she needed a wee. She got up, stretched, walked on to the grass and stood, legs akimbo. With an audible hiss she let go in her bikini. Léa stepped delicately on to the grass beside her. She hesitated, then spread her legs wide, put her hands on her hips in a defiant 'girl wetting her knickers' pose and proceeded to thoroughly soak her bikini briefs. Once again, Amanda gave her a high five.

By now the sun was setting so we collected up towels and empty water bottles and set off back to the villa to shower and change before dinner. Emily and Jack were already there, preparing the evening meal.

"It looks like you have managed give Léa back her self confidence" I said quietly to Amanda as we walked up the path towards the house. "How did you do it?"

"It turned out she was totally in awe of you boys" she replied. "I don't think she has had much experience with the opposite sex yet and three hunky men, or at least..." she gave me a cheeky grin... "two hunky men and you, Tom, were a bit overwhelming. Don't forget that we were all virtual strangers to her when she first arrived and the idea of doing a wee anywhere near you lot was too embarrassing for her."

"So I told her the story of the Budgie Smuggler Show (Valerie 3 & 4) and now she isn't in awe of you any more. In fact when I got to the bit about you standing there with stage fright she laughed so hard that she made a little puddle on the gazebo floor."

Amanda darted away before I could think of a suitable response.

When we reached the house we found that Angela and Hélène had arrived back from their shopping trip. Impulsively, Léa ran to her mother and gave her a big hug, exclaiming "Oh maman,je t'aime beaucoup!"

"Je t'aime aussi ma chérie!" her mother replied, hugging her daughter tight and looking as though she might cry with happiness. She did not even notice the wet patch that her daughter's pee-soaked bikini briefs left on her elegant dress.

With thanks to Night Rain for the idea

*004*2018-09-26 22:39

Thanks everybody!

Mikey Mike, I'm also working on your earlier suggestion for a follow-up story.

