Ask NPM's Charazzy! - Page 5

Author: OasisOnLock

*100*2020-06-14 16:26

{{2 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Hehe~ Don't worry, it's just some light teasing~

But you do seem a bit... desperate. I would say it's not good to hold for too long, but you both proved you're more than capable of defying normal odds!~

}}

Chr: I... suppose I do deserve that, if I'd teased Azzy so often during the contest.

Asriel's tail continued to wag gently with Chara's statement as Chara briefly glared slightly at Asriel before turning back to the other Monster.

Chr: ... and... yes, we are.

Chara then straightened her posture slightly and smiled a small amount seeming to take this comment as a light form of praise.

$$

*102*2020-06-14 18:57

{{52 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Alright I’ll be right back *leaves and later comes back with asirel Sweet tea but it’s spiked with diuretic* here you go asirel

}}

Asriel nodded gently to the other Monster and spent a short length of time drinking from the tea she was given before handing the glass back. Asriel briefly appeared to notice that something tasted slightly different about the tea than usual but paid no mind to this.

Asi: ...Thank you, too.

*105*2020-06-15 00:58

{{5 hours ago, Omo luna said:

Your welcome asirel though what are your plans for today

}}

Asi: I was... mostly just going to stay in the throne room, and... answer questions anybody had about us ruling the Underground, but... here we are.

The tea Asriel was given gradually began to make its way into her bladder under the effects of the diuretic as her face flushed a small amount once more.

{{4 hours ago, warham1995 said:

What are your plans for the day chara?

}}

Chara briefly tilted her head slightly towards Asriel and nodded gently to the other Monster reaffirming this statement.

*108*2020-06-15 01:20

{{4 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Ok but What do you do for fun asirel

}}

Asi: I, uhm... —I don't... usually have a lot of 'fun'—even before officially becoming Princess, I've kinda... always been busy. Sometimes I'd just take walks through the Underground, and just... stop by some places, I guess.

{{Just now, warham1995 said:

What do the 2 of you think of the throne room and what changes would you make to it if there were any?

}}

The two Royalties spent a short length of time glancing around the Throne Room.

Chr: It's... alright—it's kinda empty, and there isn't much to do, but I... like that it's 'open'. I don't think I'd change anything.

Asi: I... guess I like it the way it is, too.

*110*2020-06-15 01:31

{{2 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

So asirel do you think your bladder gotten stronger from the contest

}}

Asriel's gaze shifted hesitantly down her body and her abdomen twitched gently beneath her clothes as her bladder's contents sloshed quietly once more.

Asi: The... contest probably weakened it a little bit—I used... a lot of effort, and it's... more tired than it would've been if I didn't, but it... is a lot stronger than the last time we had a contest.

*112*2020-06-15 02:23

{{32 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Well it probably made your bladder bigger

}}

Asi: It... might've, but I... don't know if I wanna test that.

Asriel's face remained flushed as she briefly glanced down her body once more and her tail hesitantly continued to wag slowly for a few moments.

*115*2020-06-15 04:55

{{2 hours ago, Omo luna said:

Alright but have you finished your tea

}}

Asi: I... —yes.

Asriel made a small gesture to the cup indicating that she had emptied it.

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Weird question,but can i touch your bladder chara?

}}

Chr: Why have you such audacity? The Queen's body is not for show!

Chara stood angrily from her throne before pausing for a number of seconds in consideration and huffing quietly while she crossed her arms.

Chr: ... Yes, you may... if you so desire.

*117*2020-06-15 05:29

{{3 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Cool thanks *rubs and presses on chara's bladder*, wow you are holding a lot of pee in there,will you be okay for more questions?

}}

Chr: Yes, I will. I can't let such an urge get in the way of my first duties as Queen.

Chara's bladder could be felt having grown impressively rock-hard to the touch and her swollen mass of urine even emitted a small amount of warmth through the surface of her stomach as she remained remarkably calm through this pressure.

*121*2020-06-15 15:03

{{8 hours ago, Omo luna said:

And how did the tea taste

}}

Asi: It... tasted fine—there aren't many ways to make it too much different in the castle—Thank you for it, again.

{{7 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Do you have any servants or maids that help you with everyday tasks or also like to have full bladders?

}}

Chr: I do believe there are a few maids—the Throne Room is much cleaner today than it was during the contest—but I... don't know any of them personally enough to be able to answer that question. I wouldn't imagine so.

{{36 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

In regards to the Throne Room's decor, I hope you opt to keep the flowers. They make the room look oh so pretty!

Though, some more colour might liven it up more!~ After all, only shades of yellow is quite bland. Maybe introduce some whites and reds!

Also, may I ask, but what types of drinks do you perfer, miss Chara? Tea? Or do you prefer milk-based drinks?

}}

Chr: Thank you about the flowers—I like them, too. Now that you mention it, I... did never notice quite how 'yellow' this room is; I might consider doing that. As for drinks, I suppose... tea would be among my favorites.

*123*2020-06-15 15:20

{{3 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Ooohh, I love tea! It's quite a calming drink, don't you think? Even if it tends to... go right through you, so to speak.

}}

Chr: Yes, it is rather calming.

Chara spent a brief moment looking down at herself in response to the Monster's comment as her face flushed once more.

Chr: It... may, but that's yet to cause an issue.

