Through wetness and stealth

Author: Omobear

*000*2022-03-12 05:42

Just last evening, there was a happening I'll never forget. Me, Brad, a 30y/o guy and my lovely wife Laura who is 31 years young had an embarrasing moment together. Although it turned out quite well. It all starts with a nice dinner. We live in a small town, not much to do. So we were thinking of going out of town to have a real night out. Dinner, movies, you name it. So we went in the middle of the morning, just before lunch. We started with some coffee, then headed to the museum. After that we had lunch and we followed it up with some shopping. Then dinnertime came. There was a real nice offer, 4 courses all with paired wines. Lovely right?

The night was young, we went to see a movie after dinner. It was some anthromorphised frlying rodent/man hybrid superhero movie, we of course settled for nothing less than a good old bucket of popcorn and a large soda for us both. We had a loveseat, it was romantic as can be. The movie was over before we knew it and we had a small, not unfamiliar hour bus ride home.

So after this amazing date day we settled down and the bus started driving to our lovely village. First little bump, the bus driver just had to take a quick pee break. That was a minute, then we went on. All lights turn red as we turn up and the delay just goes up a bit. As we exit the city and get on the bumpy roads, about 15m into the drive, my wife tells me that she's claiming the bathroom when we're home. Fine, I think, I can manage waiting a minute or two.

As we're anopther 15 minutes into the ride, about halfway, the bumpy roads remind me of something. Wine numbs senses a bit. So, I whispered to my wife, 'Please, make it fast. I have to go too'. She's a bit of a tease, so she tells me, 'maybe'.

As we go on, my wife gets a bit restless. Squirmish and all. 15 minutes later, just 15 more to go and it's getting harder for her. I'm feeling it too, but not that bad. So, we go on, down the road and it's feeling like forever. Laura tells me 'I hope I make it in time', which makes me a bit worried. We drank about the same, so my bladder will be as full. We hit a bump some 5 minutes later. Laura lets out a small eek and tells me 'I might have lost a drop. I can barely hold on'. Which reminds me in turn of my ever growing desperation myself. So we're both a bit restless now. 10 minutes to go.

Thank god, we arrive at our village. We're not there yet, 5 more minutes, but the idea that we are this close makes it a bit more bearable. If not for the entrance to our village, being a narrowed down piece of road with a major speedbump and a bus driver that seems to be new to this route. We hit the bump hard, another squeak, but also a small hiss down my own pants. We're getting a bit in the danger zone now. 2 stops to go and we're both squirming. We stand up and start waiting for our stop.

My wife wants to get there fast. The driver seems to agree. He's driving so fast that the delay is just 3 minutes now and we're feeling confident we'll make it. So one stop down, we drove past. We signal the driver and after what felt like the longest minute ever, we arrive. The bus stops, the door before us opens and we step out in the chill fresh air. This gave us confidence, we'll make it for sure. We start walking, but if you saw us, you would know we're in a hurry (but not trying to show it too obviously). So we arrive home after an uncomfortable walk. I reach down my pocket and.... no key!

So Laura, bursting now more than in the bus, has to go and look for her keys in her purse. She's a bit mad at me, but said 'Well, I hope you can wait for a while, this is going to be a long pee'. Making me feel the pressure in my bladder. The keys seem to be stuck a bit down and as she reaches deep I can hear a few droplets falling down. She's slowly losing it, but she has her keys. As she takes them out, her hand is trembling a bit. She tries to get it in the lock, but both the uncomfortable feeling of her bladder and the droplets that already escaped are not making it easy on her. So she wiggles the key and as the key falls in the lock she said 'Too late' and as she said it, a solid stream of pee rushed down her skirt.

As she emptied her bladder in front of the door, even I had a bit of a leak. I was jealous and she knew it. She must have peed for 2 minutes straight, a little bit of steam coming from under her skirt as she went. However, as I tried opening the door, Laura grabbed my hand and said 'You're not making me go through this alone', and before the realisation hit me of what she wanted me to do, my pants started filling with yellow gold. I too peed for 2 minutes straight, so warm in contrast to the chill evening air.

So when we were finished we took off our shoes and went in the shower, clothes and all. What followed was a bit of a wine-hazed sexy wet fun adventure, but I'll leave those details to fill in for yourself. So, that's it, we had a fun day and we peed ourselves after too much wine and soda. Although, with all the fun that came from it, it was well worth it.

