An Elite Four’s worst nightmare (A pokemon short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-07-25 23:55

Suggested by @Grenn34

. Had this one in the back burner for a few months.

Caithlin planted her foot in the stadium floor and with all her strength mustered up a command. Her Pokémon charged forward with the intent to finish off the battle. However, the up and coming trainer proved to be quite the clever one. their Pokémon dodged and managed to strike down her Pokémon, completely knocking them out. Caithlin eyed her fallen Pokémon and with a deep breath, returned it to it's poke-ball.

"You and you're pokemon...." She said as her eyes closed. Almost like she was hesitating to say the words.

"You....You're both...e-excellent and elegant. To have been able to...ngh...battle against such a s-splendid team....It was my honor...." She said with a smile. The trainer got close to her to shake hand. and it was then that they noticed she was sweating profusely and her smile seemed incredibly forced. She let go of their hand and backed away.

"Now then. I shall let you continue with....Ahhhhh~!!!!" She squeaked as she crossed her legs and jammed her hands between them. The trainer jumped back at the sudden noise and looked at her. They took a few steps towards her and she quickly tried playing it off.

"Y-You haven't fought the rest of the elites,right?" She said with a forced smile. The trainer starred at her in confusion.

"D-Don't concern yourself about me. G-Go.....EEEP!" She hunched over and crossed her legs. The trainer looked at her with worry.

"P-Please! I insist! Go on ahead!" She said as she showed them the way to the next room. The trainer reluctantly agreed and trekked on. But not before thanking her for the battle, to wich she responded with a forced smile. With the trailer no longer in sight, she dropped her composure and began rubbing her thighs together with no restraint.

"Can't hold it! I gotta go!" The trainer said in her mind. having neglected to visit the ladies room before doing her usual training and having to fight the trainer just now. She had been holding it for hours and she was very close to reaching her limit. She gritted her teeth, cringing at the dampness of her undergarments. She had let out a few leaks during the fight and she knew that if the didn't leave now, the next leak would be a full blown stream.

She began running down the hallways of the building. Her hands between her legs as she looked around for the bathroom signs.

"....So full....can't hold it...need bathroom...now!!!" She whispered to herself as kept running. However, the hallway seemed endless. No matter how much she ran, no doors came in sight. She kept running and running and running, hoping the coveted bathroom door would soon appear in front of her. But as she kept running and fighting back the pressure, the only thing that greeted her was more darkness.

"EEP!!!!" She stopped dead in her tracks and hunched over.

"N-No! No! No! Oh no! Please....Ahhh~" She moaned as she rubbed her tights together. A few drops landed on the floor below her and ran down her legs. Tears began to slide down her eyes as she realised what was about to happen.

"N-No!" She said as another trickle escaped from her bladder. She gritted her teeth and crossed her legs tighter,but it was futile. Another stronger spurt had escaped from her abdomen and that's when she realized there was no stopping the dam that was about to break lose....

............

............

...........

...........

...........

...........

..........

"Ahh!!!!" Caithlin jumped up and looked around with several sweat droplets sliding down her face. Her hands still between her legs and tighs. However,something was off. Her rubbed her thighs and noticed that her dress wasn't soaked. Furthermore,she wasn't even wearing her dress anymore. Instead she was in her very-much-still-dry nightgown.

"Huh....Where am......AAAAAH!" She said as she felt a strong twinge go through her body. She clenched her muscles and took deep breaths. The pressure briefly overriding her confusion. She breathed in and out and took a moment to look around. She wasn't in the hallways anymore. Instead she was in her bedroom and in her bed laid her Musharna,seemingly soundly as sleep next to the pillow her head was resting on. She looked around in confusion.

"....Was that....a dream?" she asked herself,trying to recall how that dream played out. But every attempt resulted in waves of pain going through her abdomen. Her body tensed up and her jaw clenched tight. She didn't understand what was going on,but one thing was clear to her:

She needed to pee very badly. and she needed to do so now!

She clenched her fist and took a deep breath. She powerwalked towards the door and pulled on the doorknob. Trying her hardest to ignore the twinge that coursed through her with each step. As she left the room, Musharna's face seemed to turned her. The drowsing Pokémon expelled some mist from her body. It was colored dark, but it seemed to resemble a water stream and it had some yellow accents in it.

Meanwhile, Caithlin took big steps through the hallway. Big steps that slowly transitioned into a run. Her concern began to increase as she kept running. With each step she could feel her grip on her bladder loosening more and more. But thankfully, she saw a beacon of hope in the dark hallways. The bathroom door. She opened the door and quickly closed it. Wasting no time.She bent over and took big steps towards the toilet. While biting her lip, she lifted her nightgown and yanked down her panties. The normally composed trainer hastily turned around and rested her rear on the toilet seat. And with no delay, the dam broke loose. A powerful hiss echoed off the hard walls of the bathroom, replacing the silence that had dominated her presence.

"Ahhhhh...ahhhhh, oh...oh yeeeaaah," she let out a sigh of relief as her body was ejecting the pee inside of her. She allowed herself to lean her back against the toilet. She closed her eyes, fully immersing herself in the sensation of letting go. Every audible breath and sigh from her staying within the confines of the bathroom. Normally she'd try to avoid making such a seemingly undignified spectacle, but after feeling like she was dangerously close to wetting herself? She decided to just relax and enjoy the feeling.

She let out another sigh as her bladder continued to empty. Now that she no longer felt the pressure, she tried to recall just what had happened before. But she couldn't remember anything. She just remembered having some tea before going to sleep and anything in between felt like a blur.

Soon her stream came to an end and she let out one last satisfied sigh. She reached for some toilet paper and used it to wipe herself clean. She reached for her underwear but stopped in her tracks when she realized something. While not completely wet, her underwear still had a pretty sizable wet patch in the center. She prayed that might've been just sweat, but giving she was nearing her limit she struggled to believe that herself. She slipped out of the panties and got up from the toilet before flushing it and heading to the sink. She washed her hands and looked at the mirror and then at the panties on the floor. She picked it up and sighed.

"Atleast i didn't wet my nightgown." She said to herself. She tossed the panties in her laundry hamper and exited the bathroom. She returned to her room and saw her Musharna still laying soundly asleep in her bed. She laid down next to her and began to drift to sleep herself.

