Denim Life

Author: Oneno5566

*000*2022-05-19 22:27

Hey guys! It's been a while. I've been batting around a few stories, losing interest, deciding I didn't like the direction, etc., but I haven't posted for some time. This is an idea I keep going back to. It's kind of weird, but, we'll give it a shot. I'm just posting the introduction for now, planning to update with the first chapter this week. I have a couple chapters just about ready, and a couple ideas for follow up chapters. There's not an overarching story between chapters, more like each chapter is its own story with these characters, so we'll see how things go. Anyway, I hope you enjoy.

Denim Life

Introductions are hard, especially for me because, well, I’ve never had the opportunity to introduce myself. How do I define myself for people? Is it the way I look? Where I’m from? What I’m made of? Maybe… But, maybe it’s best to start at the beginning at this story; when I met Jenna.

Jenna was in my store. It was a slow Saturday afternoon, and people were milling about, most shopping without a purpose. I don’t know if Jenna was one of those wandering browsers, or if she came in with certain purchases in mind, but, and you can call me corny, I believe it was fate that brought Jenna in that afternoon.

I wasn’t aware of her until she came up to me and lightly brushed my side. I immediately knew she was “the one”. It seemed to be a mutual feeling. Jenna didn’t waste time contemplating, weighing the pros and cons. She took me down the short hallway behind the registers, straight to the dressing rooms. They were empty, but it wouldn’t have mattered if people were around. Jenna knew she had to have me, and I knew I wanted to be hers. Impatiently, Jenna unbuttoned her pants as she locked the dressing room door, her smooth, toned legs bolstering my desire. She started on me next, undoing my button with ease before gliding my zipper down. It didn’t take long after that. Before I knew it, Jenna was working my zipper up and fastening my button. Looking in the mirror, Jenna saw what I already knew: I was the best pair of jeans she’d ever worn.

So there it is. I’m a sentient pair of jeans. It’ll be best if you don’t commit too much time trying to understand the details of my being. The best I can do to explain is, the moment Jenna touched me, I came alive (sorry), and, instead of trying to understand it, I’ve just tried to focus on the joys of my situation, namely, Jenna.

Jenna is beautiful. Yes, I’m a little biased, but truly, what a gorgeous girl. At 22 years old she’s got the skin and muscle tone that’s the envy of many older women. Despite her body, her long dark hair and contrasting bright green eyes ensure that it’s often here face that catches people’s attention first. Of course, we all know I’m going to be partial to her legs and ass, and, let me tell you, Jenna has got that category locked down. Her legs fill her jeans (yes, technically that’s me, but it’s weird to say “her legs fill me” so…) perfectly. There’s no loose folds, but, at the same time, not too tight. Add to that, a butt shaped by time in the gym and naturally wide hips and you can surely understand my infatuation.

Okay. That’s probably enough of me inappropriately describing Jenna, so let me explain how I fit in this relationship (I promise, I’m almost out of puns). Not to toot my own horn, but I come from some fine lineage. High grade material allows me to be durable yet soft and tight but flexible, accentuating Jenna’s previously described assets. My dark blue material allows for versatility; I can be a sexy pair of jeans for a night out, or I can be business casual. All of this is to say, Jenna and I make a great couple. I compliment her, and she compliments me, both highlighting the best details of each other. Together, we are flawless... Well… almost flawless. You see, there is this one teeny, tiny thing that sometimes causes problems.

Jenna pees her pants.

