A Wet Pajama Day - Chrissy At Home

Author: Omorashi75

*000*2023-03-26 20:48

Crissy was excited as she stepped off the bus, padding to the ground on bare feet and heading down the block to her house, her shoes in her backpack. She wanted to pee herself, just like John. She had spurted into her nightgown in class, wetting her underwear and leaving a silver dollar-sized wet spot on the back of her nightdress. It had dried since then, but it still excited her, to be wearing a wet nightgown in school.

Her parents were working late, and had left a note to run a load of laundry through as she entered her kitchen. She giggled with glee. Here she was, alone in the house, with laundry to be done, in a wet nightgown.

She pulled a chair from the island and sat on it, arranging her pjs across her knees. Slowly, she let loose, imagining that she was back at her desk, her classmates around her. The pee jetted into her panties and flowed through her nightgown, to splatter over the sides of the chair and onto the wood floor below. She finished, pushing out the last few spurts, and savored the sensation; the wetness, the naughty soaked sensation. “Oops” she whispered, flashing a coy expression to her imaginary classmates, “couldn’t hold it.”

She slid off the chair, her bare feet splashing in the lake below. Her sodden nightgown flopped around her, totally soaked. She giggled again. This was fun.

Stripping off her nightgown, she threw it into the washer. She then pulled from the pile her Spiderman sleeper. It had a zipper in the back, unusual for sleepers made for girls her age, but conducive to what she was planning.

The wet panty-clad girl squished back out to her room. She stepped into the sleeper, feeling her wet feet dampen the inside of the pjs, and her wet legs do the same as she pulled the garment up. With some difficulty, she zipped it up. For what she was planning, the trickiness of getting out of the sleeper was part of the fun.

She padded back into the kitchen in her damp sleeper, pulling another chair from the island, careful not to step in her earlier puddle. She drank several glasses of water from the sink before heading into the living room to play some video games, and wait.

