Avalon 3: Touchdown

Author: Ondinist

*000*2019-07-25 21:18

The shuttle slowed to a hover, folded in its wings, extended four short telescopic legs and gently sank down on the firm sand of the foreshore, rather like a broody hen settling on to her nest of eggs.

The midships door opened and Perdita hurriedly stepped down, placed her hands on her hips beneath her raised tunic, spread her legs wide and peed copiously on to the sand between her feet.

"You're the very first human being to set foot on Avalon" Sebastian said with a grin as he followed her out of the shuttle. "History will record that the first thing you did was pee on it!"

"History will record no such thing, not if you know what's good for you" Perdita retorted, still peeing. "It's all very well for you, you don't have to drown a pint of Ariel's special brew before a flight. You're already bomb-proof against space sickness after spending half your life floating upside-down."

Sebastian started to protest that there was more to training as a cosmonaut than floating upside down but Perdita resumed her normal stance, pulled her tunic off over her head and threw it in through the shuttle door. "And I bet I can also be the first one to swim in the sea!" she shouted over her shoulder, setting off at a run.

Sebastian hastily stripped off his own tunic and chased Perdita into the shallows where she had paused to let him catch up, her long, lustrous black hair blowing in the warm sea breeze and wavelets lapping around her feet. Her slim, athletic body was naked apart from the vibrant lime green bikini briefs that perfectly offset her flawless coffee-coloured skin. They also clearly displayed the fact that she had just wet herself.

Looking at her, Sebastian felt himself growing hard. He took her in his arms and kissed her whilst attempting to pull down her briefs but she firmly removed his hands and rearranged herself. "Enough of that, we're here to check this out as a suitable location for our space elevator ground station, remember?"

"We could check it out after we've....." Sebastian started to say.

"Had a swim" Perdita replied firmly. She ran further into the sea and dived into an oncoming wave. Sebastian stood, hands on hips, peeing through his briefs, then plunged through the waves to where Perdita had emerged, glistening like an otter, droplets of water clinging to her perfectly shaped breasts.

###

Using observations from the orbiting spaceship and from fly-pasts with the shuttle, the team had identified this coastal site on Avalon's equator as potentially the best location for the space elevator that would connect them to the ship and enable them to bring down to the surface of the planet all of the heavy equipment that was waiting in crates in the ship's holds. The tidal effects of Avalon's two small moons would give Perdita and Sebastian several hours before the next high tide to explore and to make an initial confirmation of the team's analysis.

"We'd better put on those protective overalls and shoes before we take a look above the high tide line" said Perdita as they walked back to the shuttle after their swim. "Cordelia said she doesn't know yet whether any of the plants on Avalon might be thorny or poisonous. Better safe than sorry."

As soon as they had pulled on the one-piece overalls with their sturdy boots they realised how uncomfortable working in them would be. Sebastian took a long drink of water from a bottle and handed another bottle to Perdita. "Drink up" he said "We' better make sure we stay well hydrated."

"I'm not sure that's a good idea" Perdita replied doubtfully. "Ariel's special brew is already making me pee an awful lot."

"All the more reason to replace the liquid you're losing" Sebastian pointed out. "We'd better take some more water with us.

Sebastian picked up the heavy bag of tools and instruments they had packed and they trudged up the beach, already feeling hot and clammy in their protective clothing. When they reached the sand dunes above the high tide line they paused for a long drink from their water bottles, then plodded on towards the vegetation that was encroaching on to the beach from the silent jungle beyond.

They were only able to penetrate a short distance before the undergrowth became too dense for them to go any further. There was no cooling sea breeze beyond the dunes and the steamy heat of the jungle seemed almost suffocating. "I don't fancy the idea of trying to clear a site in this lot" Sebastian observed. "Until the space elevator is set up we'd only have the tools and equipment we could carry in the shuttle."

"We might be able to build closer to the sea if there is a firm rock base for anchoring the space elevator somewhere under the sand dunes" said Perdita, pulling some gadgets out of the bag. "Unfortunately for us, Orlando said that to get the best results we need to do these tests as far away from the sea as possible."

It took some time to set up the equipment as they had been instructed but they were finally ready. "Apparently it takes about five minutes for this stuff to map the underlying geology" said Perdita, switching it on.

She was not surprised that she was already feeling the need for a pee but tried to put it out of her mind. They had work to do and, as Cordelia had warned them about the possibility of poisonous plants, it would obviously be unwise to strip off her protective overalls for a pee until they were back on the beach, away from any vegetation. She would just have to wait.

Working at the edge of the jungle, the heat and humidity were intense. Sebastian took another long drink from his water bottle and gestured for Perdita to do the same. Beginning to feel rather dizzy, she drank deeply.

The machine gave a bleep to indicate that it had completed its readings. They picked up the equipment, carried it along the boundary line of vegetation and set it up again some distance away.

They repeated the tests several times in different locations and were once again waiting for the machine to carry out its analysis when Sebastian noticed that Perdita had become very quiet.

"Are you OK?" he asked, looking at her in concern. Perdita nodded but said nothing. Dark vertical streaks were appearing on the legs of her overalls, spreading and merging into a huge area of glistening wetness from her crotch to her boots.

She gave him a rueful smile. "I needed a pee" she said. "But now I don't."

###

If Perdita had been uncomfortable before, it was nothing to the final hour, with the clammy wet fabric clinging to her legs and chafing with every move. As soon as they were back on the beach Sebastian helped her to take off her pee-soaked overalls and once again she stood before him wearing nothing but her lime-green briefs with a triangle of wetness between the legs.

Perdita helped Sebastian out of his own overalls and they walked down to the shuttle where Sebastian threw them in through the open door and set down the equipment bag. They both took another long swig from their water bottles. "Time for another swim!" announced Perdita. "I think I'd better freshen up!"

The tide was already advancing up the beach so they were soon splashing into the shallows, Perdita scooping up water and rinsing the sweat from her face. She paused, ankle-deep in the sea, whilst fresh streams of pee ran down her legs. Then they plunged onward into the cool waves, Perdita squealing as each fresh, cool wave slapped into her.

"We'd better not be too long before we get back to the shuttle" called Sebastian. "The tide is coming in quite fast now."

Perdita took his hand and led him back to the beach. She turned and gave him a long, sensuous kiss. "There is one more thing we could be the first to do on Avalon" she murmured. "Do you think we've got time?"

*003*2019-07-26 19:27

Thanks to everybody who has given feedback on these stories so far. Now that there is no longer a 'number of reads' count it is the only indication us authors have of how well or badly our efforts are received.

Mikey Mike - special thanks for suggestions on how to take the stories forward. Watch this space!

