Telltale's Gotham Sirens: Vicki Vale's Pleasurable Punishment

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-11-11 04:13

Beginning Note: This is a quick commission by my most loyal follower LifeIsStrange. They wanted me to do this and I really liked the idea so I’m dedicating this to them. So if you couldn’t tell, this is a Selina Kyle (Catwoman) x Vicki Vale fic, both characters are from the Batman Telltale games (and my personal favorite Batman media). As with my other series I’ll probably make a longer storyline with real plot eventually, so I’m not sure if this will be canon to that or not. Now, a couple of warnings.

First, spoilers to the first and second Batman Telltale games, this is a bit of an in between. Secondly, Yuri sex. I’m not a lesbian or even a woman so it won’t be very authentic, sorry if that’s offensive to anyone. Thirdly, if you don’t like humiliation, sadomasochism, or blackmail, please leave or you’ll scar yourself. Finally, on a lighter note I will be describing Selina’s model as the one from the sequel game. No offense but the first game’s facial model of her looks a little off for some reason whereas the second seems more polished. Anyway, hope you enjoy!

Vicki Vale sat up from her hospital bed, feeling all types of groggy. That made no sense, because she shouldn’t have been in any type of bed. The last the reporter had remembered, she had been in Arkham Asylum and her plans had finally come to fruition. She had viciously slain her evil adopted parents, the Waynes had been exposed for their wretched sins, and she freed her unfairly imprisoned brethren. Only one problem remained: Batman the Caped Crusader. She thought they were similar, he was also a vigilante dressed in a silly costume who defeated criminals and sought justice. Unfortunately, she sorely misjudged him.

Despite his brutality and scare tactics, Batman never actually kidnapped, tortured, or killed anyone. As a matter of fact, his methods were very by the book for a vigilante hunted by the police. Maybe that’s why they stopped shooting at him and instead came around. Most importantly, he never went as far as the Children of Arkham, on the contrary he deemed them the biggest threat of all! Eventually they did battle, and the first time she beat him until that traitorous bitch Catwoman swooped in to save him. Their rematch took place at Arkham and this time he had stepped up his game. She tried to reason with him, yet he still insisted she was in the wrong and her actions caused more chaos than justice.

The biggest surprise was Batman actually unmasking and revealing himself to be Bruce Wayne, Gotham’s orphaned billionaire playboy philanthropist. She knew his wealth was unfairly stolen due to his scumbag parents and thought the generous side was an act, yet the evidence was there. She had been nothing but wrong when judging both Batman and Bruce Wayne, if they truly were one in the same of which there was no doubt. Struggling with the revelation, they continued to do battle until he bested her with her own concussive staff and eventually rubble buried her, or so everyone thought.

‘Looks like someone came through, thankfully.’ Vicki thought to herself. ‘But who? Oswald is imprisoned and the other Children of Arkham had no means to pull this off.’ Whatever the case was, they had left nothing to the imagination. She had been in some sort of master bathroom long enough to be completely healed up and her brunette hair had grown some. Not to it’s full length, however not quite the buzz cut she had been sporting. More of a grown out pixie cut perhaps. Whatever the case was, a note had been left by the desk on her side, along with a fruit smoothie, recently made. All the more curious, the reporter read her instructions.

“I know you’ll be waking up soon so I made the necessary preparations. Whenever you’re awake, make sure to drink up and take a bath. Shave your body as well. If you feel sick ring for me and I’ll help with whatever you need. Once you’re feeling refreshed, pick one of the two outfits I have laid out for you. You will wear both during our session, I’m just curious to see which one you pick first. Meet me in the foyer when you’re done. Whatever you do, make sure not to use the restroom unless it’s number two. If not, then hold it. You’re also forbidden from masturbating. Don’t try lying, I’ll know. See you soon, Sweetheart.”

Vicki furrowed her brow as she studied her instructions carefully. Whoever her rescue was, they seemed to be equal parts attentive and malicious. She thought it might have been Bruce, however the instructions seemed too blunt, yet also teasing at the same time. Besides, while he may have been many things, he was not the type to play games like this. In addition, the handwriting wasn’t his, too rough as opposed to his refined penmanship. She had no option but to play along with whatever her savior desired.

First she drank the smoothie, gasping in delight as the fruity concoction cooled her parched throat. Secondly, she peeled off her hospital gown, shuddering at the cold room. Her dainty light brown nipples peaked and her tan skin was dotted with goosebumps. Ignoring the frigidness, she walked and set herself in the bath, once again sighing in relief. Despite the foreboding instructions, they seemed determined to be as accommodating as possible. The water was soothingly warm and there was even a glass of Chardonnay on the side. She grasped it and slowly sipped, feeling physical and mental comfort as she relaxed. Right as everything seemed well, the smoothie and wine settled soon filled her bladder. It all made sense now.

‘Is that why they told me not to use the restroom? What the hell are they planning? And what does masturbation have anything to do with it? Why set up such a nice bath then?’ Vicki almost rubbed one out right then and there out of spite, however she had a foreboding feeling that if she did she’d regret it, so she withheld from releasing her pent up desire. Once she finished, she got out and dried herself with the softest towels imaginable and proceeded to shave off excess body hair. Her armpits and legs were bare, however she organized her pubes into a small and soft downy patch, just the way she liked it. Having a full bush or completely bare was too extreme, and a landing strip just wasn’t enough. An even tuft though? Just right.

Next the reporter studied her outfit selections. Either way she was given lavender silk panties for underwear but that was it, no bra or other form of upper underwear. She slipped on the panties and almost let out a moan. What was with her today? However, she knew what. Having a full bladder was an undeniable pleasure of hers, and the mysterious plans her rescuer had set for her only heightened her arousal. Unfortunately she never got to truly enjoy it because her wicked step parents would abuse her whenever she had an accident. Ignoring the traumatic memories, she pondered over whether she should don her reporter suit or ball gown.

‘Does it really matter? The stranger said I would be wearing both. Still, they also said they were interested in my choice. Reporter suit it is. Both are sexy, but the professional is who I really am. The gown just dolls up my body.’ Vicki confirmed as she slipped on her white button down and black jacket, rolling the sleeves up to her elbows and leaving the top half buttons alone to show off some of her breasts. They were medium sized, bordering on small, but still quite pleasant to lust over. Her nipples grew erect when rubbing against the fabric but she ignored the feeling as she continued to dress, pulling up her khakis. As she zipped and buttoned her pants, the tight feeling increased her desperation and was confirmation that her savior knew about her urination kink to some extent. Taking some breaths to steady herself, the reporter walked into the main room as instructed.

“There you are Vicki Vale. Or should I say Lady Arkham? Whatever the case is, I’ve been waiting.” a rich and seductive female voice called out. Vicki raised her fists and got into a fighting stance. “Show yourself!” she yelled back, ready to defend herself. “There’s no need for that, besides you wouldn’t last in your condition. I must say you certainly are a tough opponent, more than I expected.” the other woman continued nonchalantly and she strode into view. “You think just because I was injured I’d still be weak? If that was the case why rescue me at all, much less nurse me back to health?”

“That’s not the condition I was talking about.” the voice replied. Vicki blushed, still wondering just what the hell was going on. ‘My savior definitely wants to see me pee, and she’s a woman. She better be as sexy as she sounds.’ The reporter’s jaw dropped when she saw her wish was granted to the fullest degree.

She was beautiful, with a tall and luscious hourglass figure. Her curves were hugged, or rather groped, by a pitch black and skintight leather catsuit. Despite that, she had no issue confidently strutting with her hips swinging side to side rather invitingly. Her pretty face was equally attractive, pale yet rosy cheeks and a smirk coated in violet lipstick. Her hair was shortly clipped, similar to Vicki’s. However the other woman’s hair was the color of coal and covered by the adorable cat cowl helmet, although stray tufts peeked out. Her large yet somewhat attractive sharp goggle lenses had been lifted to show her unyielding piercing gray eyes. Vicki ignored her pulsing genitals, more interested in the woman's identity than looks.

“Catwoman?! You’re my savior?”

“And captor.” the seductive thief confirmed. “Why? I highly doubt it’s to continue my cause, you lack loyalty. I figured you would have turned tail and hightailed Gotham by now to keep all of your nine lives.” Catwoman sighed. “Normally you’d be correct, however I’ve recently turned a new leaf. I still mostly look out for myself, but if there is someone I’d claim loyalty to, it’d have to be Batman.”

“You? Pledge allegiance to Batman?” Vicki sneered. “Our methods may differ, but he changed my view so I’m no longer a selfish bitch. Enough about me, time to explain what your purpose is.”

“Fine.” Vicki grumbled. “First things first, Bats told me your story and I’m sorry about the Vales. You didn’t deserve such monsters and despite what the boy scout says, I think you were justified.” Catwoman explained in a sincere voice. “So why all this? Besides, I don’t want your pity or your judgement.”

“Don’t interrupt me again Arkham.” the other woman sharply demanded. Sighing, she continued. “I grew up in a shitty orphanage so I understand what you did. However, you didn’t just stop there. You killed innocents, hurt the only man I could ever love, and tried to destroy Gotham City. I’ve no love for this city or anyone besides my pet cat, myself, and maybe Bats, but I still don’t believe in wanton anarchy.”

“You love Batman? Give me a break, I have news for you Catwoman. He’s a liar and a hypocrite who only looks out for himself and his thrills. His secret identity is Bruce Wayne, the billionaire whose money is rotten!” Vicki screamed in outrage, ignoring how it made her bladder ache. Catwoman raised an eyebrow. “So you know? Well that makes things a little more difficult. Whatever the case is, you’re wrong. Bruce has nothing to do with his parents’ sins, and he’s dropping heavy fundings to rebuild Arkham Asylum. You know, your family’s legacy? Which by the way he’s defending. You know Bruce is a good man, you just can’t admit it.”

“Quit preaching, it doesn't suit you honey.” Vicki snarked. “Pet names, I like it.” Catwoman grinned. The reporter ignored it, or at least tried to as the thief carried on. “Anyways, so you put me in a predicament. We grew up the same and you’ve suffered enough so I can’t just kill you or have you arrested. I believe in redemption, however I also believe in punishment. Your naughtiness is off the charts so there’s no exception.” Vicki gulped at the thief’s tone, using her willpower to not grasp her crotch. “Normally I spank naughty girls, however you’ve suffered too many of those so I’ll spare you my whip.”

“Thanks.” the reporter replied sarcastically, although she was actually quite thankful for the mercy she was provided with.

“I did some more research and discovered through your colleagues that in high school you were nicknamed the Pee Pee Princess. Ring any bells?” Vicki blushed in outrage, regretting having told her coworkers such a personal story. “It’s one thing to have an accident, but five? The janitors must have hated you, although I certainly wouldn’t have minded.” Catwoman continued with a teasing smirk. “Fine, you got me. I like holding my urine in, peeing with a full bladder feels like an orgasm and you can’t shame me for it. However I misjudged my limits so sometimes I wet myself.”

“I wouldn’t shame you for it whatsoever, I have similar tastes.”

“Is that why you forbade me from using the restroom?”

“Precisely.”

“Well, why did you forbid me from masturbating?”

“I’ll get to that soon. So anyways, I was able to devise the perfect plan. You’ll be free and have a chance to start over, however you still need to face punishment.”

“Okay, what is it?” Vicki questioned with hesitation. She loved and dreaded where the other woman was going with this. “First off, I had an explosive tracker planted in your spine. If you try to dig it out, cause more unnecessary trouble, or expose Bruce or myself, it’s exploding.”

“I understand.” Vicki begrudgingly agreed, knowing this was a fair price to pay. “What else is there?”

“You know how you said you like pissing with a full bladder? Well I do as well. There’s only two things better than that in my book.”

“Such as?”

“Watching other girls piss themselves, and pissing after a good fucking. That’s where you come in. If you just want to leave as soon as possible, you have to wet your reporter clothes before you go.”

“And if I stay?” Vicki inquired. Catwoman smirked. “So you’re already considering the second and admittedly better option? Such a naughty girl. Well it plays out similarly, however you have to wet your reporter clothes and your ball gown and you need to hold it for as long as you can. In addition, I’ll be involved in your second wetting.”

“How involved?”

“That’s a secret.”

“Fine. I’ll go with the second option.”

“Excellent choice. You see that X statue I set up?” Vicki looked over it and nodded. Go stand in front of it with your back as close as possible. Spread your arms and legs to match it.” The reporter did as told, keeping still as Catwoman used leather straps to bind her wrists and legs. “Okay beautiful, it’s a good thing my explanation took as long as it did, you’re at your limit.” the thief noticed with a teasing smirk. True to her word, Vicki was panting and twisting her body, letting out a whine as her bladder begged for release. Her movements did nothing to ease her, on the contrary it seemed to be speeding up the process.

“You’re right, it is kind of getting hot in here.” Catwoman mentioned nonchalantly. Right as a question formed on the reporter’s tongue, the thief hooked a clawed finger around her zipper and slowly pulled it down. Vicki watched in amazement, almost feeling like she was watching a stripper perform as Catwoman’s cleavage was exposed. Beads of sweat formed on her pale heaving breasts, and the zipper continued, revealing a scarred and hardened abdomen. Vicki almost groaned, wanting to see more. To her surprise, Catwoman continued, this time pulling the zipper all the way down until the crotch of her pink Hello Kitty panties were exposed. As if that wasn’t enough, the seductress slowly grasped the leather covering her breasts and parted them until they sprang out.

Catwoman let out a feline hiss of pain and pleasure as the zipper teeth gnashed at her breasts, causing Vicki to shudder in delight. A short spurt shot out, darkening the bottom of her khakis. Meanwhile, the seductive thief unsheathed her gloved claws and slightly pinched her large dark brown nipples until they became hard erect pebbles. The reporter couldn’t help but be impressed that Catwoman was somehow finding pleasure in her chest despite it being gnawed on by zipper teeth and claws. To Vicki’s disappointment the claws were removed, however her excitement returned when she saw the thief stick her hand in her panties and masturbate.

‘The sexy woman knows how to tempt me. How the fuck is she able to fluently play with herself while wearing such tight clothing? And how are her tits not scarred to hell with such rough treatment?’ She had her own problems to worry about when another spurt came through. “CAT! I’m leaking!” Catwoman perked up. “Selina. You sound silly calling me that.”

“Whatever bitch, just tell me what to do now!”

“Well, it’s a little earlier than I like, but go ahead and piss.”

“What do you mean earlier?” She received no answer, instead Selina responded by slowly walking up and eyeing her. Vicki felt a wave of arousal and with a flushed face, wet herself.

Selina gasped and grinned with delight as she saw the reporter’s khakis grow damp around the crotch and inner legs, before pouring in a puddle that gathered around her feet. Meanwhile Vicki herself was gasping in delight and relief as she felt her bladder empty and also shamefully aroused by how much Selina appeared to be enjoying herself. Eventually it came to a stop leaving her panties, khakis, and the floor soaked in urine. The thief let the reporter have some time to herself before unbuckling the straps and helping her down.

“You can get undressed, but leave the panties on. I’ll be back with your gown, and some other preparations.” Normally Vicki would have snarked, however her nirvana was too great so she just obediently nodded. It wasn’t just the physical relief and pleasure she was basking in, Vicki was ecstatic that someone not only didn’t punish or judge her for one of her kinks but actually encouraged and participated as well. The only problem was there was still residual shame from all the punishments and judgements she used to face. Eventually Catwoman returned, holding up the ball gown, along with a glass of water.

“Here you go, beautiful. First, hydrate. I made sure to spike it with diuretics to speed things up. Then put the dress on and lie over there.” Selina instructed as she pointed towards a bed. It was a relatively simple mattress with leather straps at each corner of the headrest and footrest, which Vicki assumed would hold her wrists and ankles in place. Vicki did as told, making sure to drink up and almost gasped at the effects. She was far from desperate but the fact that the urge came immediately, no matter how miniscule, was still quite astounding. Then she pulled the gown over her head. It was black with white accents, as well as sleeveless and backless. It was quite cumbersome but it accentuated her beautiful figure so Vicki still wore it from time to time. Finally she lay down as Catwoman strapped her wrists and ankles in place.

“You know, it’s not fair that you pissed yourself before I got the chance to get off. I also drank a lot before our session. It’s almost embarrassing how small your bladder is, mine’s been going steady.” Selina purred as she climbed on top of Vicki. To the reporter’s surprise, she began rubbing herself around her panties which she seemed to do without difficulty despite still wearing the leather catsuit. Vicki giggled as a new idea formulated within her mind. She waited for Selina to get into the rhythm of things, then willingly voided her bladder. “Hey, what the hell?! It’s only been two minutes, your bladder is pathetic!” the thief yelled as she watched the gown get soaked and a wet spot formed on the mattress. “Not as pathetic as you.” Vicki challenged with a grin.

“Excuse me?”

“You have a beautiful girl beneath you yet you choose to pleasure yourself? And why are we both clothed? It was sexy at first, but now you look ridiculous with your tits and panties exposed while your arms and legs are covered. Are you not woman enough to fuck me, Selina?” Vicki challenged. “And don’t try to pull the ‘I’m not a lesbian’ or staying loyal to Bruce excuses.” Selina stood back up and the reporter was disappointed, was this seriously the end of their game? “Technically neither of those are true. I’m bisexual, and so are you. I’ve seen you check me and Oswald out. Secondly, me and Bruce are taking a break so I can do whatever I want with whoever I damn well please. Third, it’s none of your damn business.”

With a growl, she unsheathed her claws and Vicki winced, had she not urinated earlier she would have wet herself in fear right then and there. Instead of wounds, the reporter felt her clothes shred. She opened her eyes and noticed the thief had torn off her gown, leaving her only in the soaked lavender silken panties. Meanwhile, Selina was shedding her leather catsuit and eventually stood out of it. Next she removed her heels, leaving only her cowl, clawed gloves and Hello Kitty panties on. The she climbed the bed again, this time leaning over Vicki. First, she harshly bit her neck, collarbones, breasts, and nipples, causing the reporter to genuinely cry with tears. Then the thief bit down on her sodden panties, sucking them dry of any urine and licking them. Vicki was pleasantly surprised that the other woman could pleasure her so well despite the barrier. Finally, she stood up straight and mounted Vicki, placing her knee on the reporter’s crotch while sitting on her thigh.

“Still afraid to go all the way?”

“Not at all, you just haven’t earned it yet, girly.” Selina countered. “I’m going to get us both off without even having to fuck you.”

“That’s impossible.”

“Not with me. Just take it and moan like my bitch.” Vicki wanted to protest but the complaint was replaced with a moan as Selina gently rubbed her knee against her crotch. Meanwhile, she resumed fingering herself which was much easier now and also rode her thigh. It was a little uncomfortable at first for both women outlaws due to the gymnastics needed to pull it off, however Selina was able to get a steady tempo that had them both in ecstasy. The thief of course kept her pleasure decibel to simple sighs and gasps due to being the dominant and punisher. Meanwhile Vicki had no issue screeching and moaning. She knew she should be ashamed at being dominated while lying in her own urine, however she actually felt empowered that she was the one who convinced Catwoman into doing so. In addition, she could tell the other woman was at her limits regarding bladder and orgasm control meaning they both were enjoying it.

True to the journalist’s observation skills, Selina was finding it a little difficult to concentrate on multitasking. She wasn’t one to turn down challenges or be outdone so she opted to hold off masturbating for a bit and instead aggressively rubbed her knee until Vicki cried in ecstasy. Unfortunately she had been spent so no more urine came from her. On the plus side, Catwoman had more than enough to make up for it so she scooted up until she was kneeling over Vicki’s abdomen. Finally she reached her own orgasm and she let out a throaty moan of her own. Then she relaxed her bladder and urinated all over Vicki’s belly. Her Hello Kitty Panties prevented her torrent from hitting full force, however the liquid relief still poured down her thighs and soaking both the woman and the bed beneath her.

“You dirty whore!” Vicki screeched in indignation. It was uncomfortable enough to lie in her own urine soaked bed sheets and panties, but being bathed in another’s was crossing the line. Even if it was from the hottest woman to roam Gotham, with a sexy and athletic body rivaling even Wonder Woman. “Just be glad I didn’t have you eat my pussy and drink it all, no pun intended. Then again I drank so much liquid my piss should taste very clear and maybe even a little sweet. On the bright side you get to take a bath with me.”

“Fine.” Vicki growled. Selina undid the straps and carried Vicki back to the master bath, not being bothered by her piss covered body. Then, she placed the reporter in the tub and got some hot water running.

“You relax sweetheart and take your time to think over what happened while I do laundry. Then I’ll join you and once we’re done you can leave. I already have your new identity and some money.” Vicki wanted to talk some more however the other woman disappeared. Eventually she returned, this time being completely naked. The reporter put her journalist eyes to good use and admired Selina’s hourglass body. She already showed off most of the goods, however her black bush and round ass were news. “Like what you see?” the thief teased with a coy smirk. “Such a cliche line, you already know that I do. Just get in.” Soon both women were cleansed of any urine, instead covered in bathwater and suds.

“I have a new proposition.” Vicki began. “Oh, do tell.”

“I think it’s unfair you introduced me to such a world of pleasure and then plan on leaving me immediately.”

“Let me stop you right there Vick.” Selina interrupted. “We’re not lovers so don’t pine over me. You were my prisoner and voluntary fuck toy.”

“I’m more than aware, I just don’t see why we can’t keep that arrangement for a little while longer. There’s new things I want to try, we still haven’t gone all the way. Hell, I haven’t even done anything with your titties!” Selina chuckled.

“Yes, they are pretty impressive. Yours are too, you know. Petite girls deserve more justice.”

“Look, will you consider my offer?”

“Fine, but now I need to lay more ground rules. Our arrangement is strictly sexual. You catch any hint of feelings, leave before you get heartbroken. Secondly and more importantly, my stance on your criminal behavior still stands. If you do anything I don’t approve of, that bomb goes off.”

“Yeah, yeah.” Vicki grumbled. “Still, you can’t really blame me. You’re probably the only partner I’ll ever find who’ll be into what I’m into.”

“Yeah right. A couple days ago me and Bruce had sex while my bladder was full and he fucked me so hard I squirted and pissed. And he was injured thanks to you.” Selina pointedly explained.

“Still, if he could do that while sore and bandaged up, can’t wait to see what he comes up with next. Until then I guess we can have our own fun.”

“Cheers.” Vicki sarcastically waved as she finished another glass of Chardonnay. After some time Selina heard Vicki gasp. The reporter was blushing and couldn’t look the thief in the eye. “Um, Vicki? You alright over there?”

“I have to go again.”

“Seriously? Damn, I didn’t know alcohol had this effect on you. So, how do you want to do this?”

“What?”

“Are you just going to urinate right here? I won’t mind, however we’re almost done with our bath and I’d rather not soak for too long. Oh, I got it!”

“What do you have in mind?” Vicki questioned. Selina just stepped out of the bathtub and dried herself off. “Alright, so stand up but don’t follow me.”

“Um, okay?” the reporter responded with confusion as she did as instructed. She stood for a while as the thief just stared. “Wait, did you stop giving me instructions just so you could stare at my naked body while my desperation grows?” she pointedly inquired. “Bingo!” Selina replied with a thumbs up. “Still, that was just part one. Now, spread your legs a little, then spread labia apart like how I’m doing.” she demonstrated so Vicki could follow suit. “Got it, what now?”

“Now just go.”

“Why am I doing this again?”

“If you follow my instructions, your piss will flow in a straight stream like a guy. It will also hit the bath water and create a sound similar to using the toilet.” Vicki rolled her eyes but sighed and voided her bladder. As Selina stated, instead of pouring all over her legs it shot out in a steady trickle and splashed against the bath water, recreating the loud sound they both hoped to hear. When she was done, Selina grabbed a tissue and wiped Vicki’s genitals, causing the petite girl to moan. The curvaceous woman smirked. “Maybe you were on to something. I suppose we can try out these new activities to pass the time away.” Both women grinned at each other.

