The curse necklaces

Author: Omowetting

*000*2016-10-09 14:28

The Emma stood in her new basement as she look around she noticed a box in the corner this was odd sense Shed just move in today when she turn twenty two And thought it I was time to move out. luckily she a great deal for a rental house.

As she went walk over to the box she crouch down to see what was in their she saw a Beautiful necklace it almost look like the shape of a water drop but it was a yellow color. She look around and saw nothing else but a piece Of paper. So she pulled out the necklace and put it on. She started to move boxes in when she felt her bladder begin to twinge as she ran to the bathroom she open the door pull down her pants and sat on the toilet nothing came out as she sat their she felt her bladder become even more full. It must be in my head she thought she was in real pain now she got up pulled up her and pants and walk out side still hoping up down. As soon as she got out of the bathroom she began to feel a leek then a trike then a fluid as see tried to reach the bathroom but it was to late a her whole pants ware soak and a puddle of pee was huge and warm.

Quite confusion and embarrassed she walk her bedroom and pull out a new pair of jeans as she pulled them on she felt a strong urge to go back to the basement and look into the box again. As she walk over to the box she pulled out a pice of paper and read it. It say YOU Have BEEN CURSE YOU WILL NO LONGER Available TO USE THE BATHROOM ROOM AS SOON AS YOU SIT DOWN YOU WILL BECOME MORE AND More DESPITE FASTER AND FASTER AND NOT A SINGLE DROP WILL COME OUT You are not allowed to ware diaper yet except at night because you'll start bed wetting again. BUT YOU CAN BRAKE THE Curse FIRST YOU'LL HAVE TO stay like this for a three months then you'll have to go in to stage two and stage three.

PS. you'll feel your self become super despite right now.

Aas she Finnish she dubbed down as she felt a little leeks knowing it was pointless she just relax and let it flow out of her.

Hi I think this is a good place to stop in the next few chapters their will be wetting ,diaper wetting,bed wetting ,and lots more.

*001*2016-10-10 14:21

Hears more, as she stood there. she remembered that her phone was in her pocket she quickly grab her phone looking at it it did not look to wet. As she turned it on she realized it was 9:37 oh damm the page said the shed wet the bed so that means she need diapers at night she damm she ran to her bedroom grab a pair of jeans pulled the up and rain the store close at 10:00 she drove up and ran in grabbed a large package of diaper luckily it was self checkout so she quickly bout it and ran out hopefully no one saw her.

She got home and feeling the need to pee she tried to put it on but they won't pull up she tried again and again but then she remembered that it said only to bed so she put her clothes in the wash she got in the shower she thought she might be able to pee in the shower but all it did was make her need to pee more she got out of the shower and put a robe on a Felt suddenly become super thirst as she ran to the kitchen she got her self a big glass of water drank it all and Poured another and another one after that.

Sone she felt her self growing more tired as she walk to bed she put on her diaper fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow in her dream she was desperate running through and public bathroom but all the stalls wear looked she felt a drop hit her panties she saw a stall open but to creatures grabbed her and made her drink more and more water she wet her self but even then they weren't done they made her wet herself again and again.

Then she woke up the frosted thing she notice was that her mouth was wet the next thin was that her diaper was completely soaked she wonder why her mouth was wet then that means that her bladder torched was real and worse of all she still need to pee badly she tock off her diaper and put a new one on she relaxed and let it go as it got warm it really wasn't that bad as she fell back to sleep in the morning her diaper was wet again she got up Change her self then went on her computer she started to work (she works from home) as the weeks went by she sone got used to it. but one day she had to go to the mall to pick something up. as soon a she was ready to go she quickly wet herself then change quickly running out to the car.

When she got to the mall she hard a Voice in her head you have to pee now it was that pice of paper when ever she was in a bad place it all was made hear need to pee. As she went through the mall a her bladder control failed she just stud there watching as she wet herself. Running quickly she got in the car started to cy

OK I'm braking the forth wall I'm going to because it will take to long to write sorry about any miss spelling or something like that I'm writing the on a small phone

*004*2016-10-23 00:00

Thank you Guest. I a few weeks ago I wrote chapter to when I was drunk. And it bad so if it gets Approve it won't be part of the story I will post a new chapper.

