Mario Golf: Desperate Tour (Rosalina and Azelea)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-06-08 22:53

This story was suggested by @LifeIsStrange

"*Phew* At last!" A lady with brown hair and blue eyes said. She wore an orange tank top and collar with a white shirt underneath. With yellow shorts and orange shoes. And she wore a brown cap. This lady was called Azelea and she was currently making her way to the Cheep Cheep Waterfalls for a game of Golf.

"Man....it's been years since i've been here. i can't wait to see the the ladies again." Azelea said. Last time she played Golf with the group,She was seventeen. now in her early twenties,she had decided to call her friends for a game of golf for old times sake. And to her delight,they accepted and agreed to meet each other at the Cheep Cheep Falls. The falls were part of a golf tour that Azelea missed out on because she was busy back home with her career as an athlete.

"This is gonna be fun!" Azelea said to herself. It seemed like nothing could ruin this day. but that's when she felt a slight twinge in her body.

"Man...what do they put in that Chuckola Cola? It hasn't been that long since i drank it,has it?" She said as she checked her watch. What she saw upon taking her eyes off the watch quickly distracted her from the slight pressure she was feeling in her body. Her old friends were standing near the start of the Golf Course,waiting for her.

"Oh! Guys!" Azelea yelled. Everyone turned around and happily yelled her name. The athlete ran up to the group and hugged them all.

"I missed you all so much!" Azelea said.

"It's been way too long!" Daisy said while hugging Azelea tightly.

"Wow! You two look like siblings right-a now!" Luigi joked. Wouldn't be the first time Azelea heard that joke. She let go of daisy. She looked at the rest of the group. There was Mario,Peach,Daisy,Luigi and....uhh..

"Hey,who's that?" Azelea said while pointing at the lady in Blue.

"Oh! That's Rosalina. We meet her a few years ago. You wouldn't believe the trip Mario went on when he met her." Daisy said. Rosalina hovered towards Azelea and reached out for a handshake.

"It is nice to meet you,my name is Rosalina."

Azelea slowly reached for her hand and shook it.

"I've only played golf a few times. But you don't need to go easy on me. I was able to pick it up quite quick." Rosalina said with a smile.

"I'll be the judge of that..." Azelea said as she let go or Rosalina's hand.

"Okie-dokie! Let's go to the first hole!" Luigi said. With a loud Wahoo from Mario,everyone made their way to the first hole. Azelea followed them while ignoring the pressure that was slowly building up in her body.

###

Mario did a front flip and placed his ball down.

"Good to see Mario is still as excitable as ever." Azelea remarked. Mario then swung his club and struck the ball,sending flying almost halfway through the course. Luigi,Daisy and Peach also struck the ball and they all landed around the same spot as Mario. It was now Azelea and Rosalina's Turn. Rosalina focused and struck the ball with all her might. The ball landed a little further than the other 3.

"Not bad newbie. But let me show you how it's done!" Azelea said. She gripped her club tightly and swung her club. The ball landed a few meters further than Rosalina. Azelea walked past rosalina and smirked.

"You're good at this. But i don't intend on losing." Azelea said.

"Neither do i,Good luck." Rosalina said with a smile.

The two went up to their golf balls and waited for their turns. On her turn, Rosalina performed her stroke and her ball landed closer to the hole. Once it was Azelea's turn,She swung her club again and knocked the ball closer to the hole as well. Almost on the same level as Rosalina.

"She seems to be pretty good to far,but i'm not gonna let myself be beaten by a rookie." Azelea said with a smile. Luigi swung his club again,but he missed the hole.

"Mamamia,this is more difficult than it looks...."

"It's my turn now." Rosalina focused and struck the ball. However,the ball stopped a few inches before the hole.

"Heh. Good one. Now it's my turn!" Azelea said. She did a stroke and sure enough,the ball landed in the hole.

"Hah! Only took me 3 strokes!" Azelea cheered.

"Well done." Rosalina said with a smile. A smile so pretty it caused Azelea to blush and feel a slight pressure. Oh wait...

"ugh...i need to pee." Azelea thought.

"C'mon! Let's go to the next hole!" Peach said. Azelea ultimately ignored the pressure and followed the group.

"You're not a kid, Azelea. You can hold it! Just play a few holes and then you can pee." Azelea thought.

###

Azelea and the group arrived at the next hole. Mario and the others had already stroked and it was Rosalina's turn. Rosalina swung and struck the ball,sending it flying halfway through the course again. Upon landing,the ball caught fire briefly. Azelea looked at Rosalina with a determined expression and swung her club at the ball. The ball landed in a patch of sand close to Rosalina's ball. While the others were busy with their strokes,the two ran up to their golf balls. Azelea tried to ignore the slight pressure with each step. She stopped and waited for the rest to finish their strokes.

When Rosalina's turn came, Azelea stood there while leaning with her golf club. Rosalina was about to swing,when she felt a slight breeze. She turned a little and aimed her ball slightly differently. She then struck the ball and it once again landed close to the hole. Azelea's turn came and without taking the wind into account,she struck the ball. The ball landed pretty close to the river. Mario's turn came and he gently struck his ball,causing it to land in the hole. He turned around and posed. Peach,Daisy and Luigi weren't able to score during the same turn. Rosalina hovered towards her ball and gently tapped it with her club,causing the ball to land in the hole. Rosalina rested the club on her shoulder and smiled. Azelea simply rolled her eyes and tried to swing gently. But the ball landed close to the hole and not in it. When her turn came again,she managed to get the ball in the hole.

"Looks like i win this hole~" Rosalina said.

"You may have won this one,but you won't be so lucky in the next ones! I'm going to win!" Azelea said.

"You think so? If that's the case i'll have to do my best them." Rosalina said with a serious expression.

"Even your best won't be enough! Just watch!" Azelea said with a grin.

"We'll see about that." Rosalina said. She then hovered towards the next hole. Azelea's grin quickly disappeared upon feeling another pressure in her bladder.

"It's fine. Hold it in. I'll win this game and then i'm off to visit the pipes." Azelea thought to herself.

###

"Alright! Rosalina! You're up!" Rosalina made her way towards the ball and prepared for her stroke. All while Azelea was standing right behind her. She was shaking her body and tapping her feet against the ground. Turns out the space princess was more skilled at this game than she thought. As the two seemed to be tying right now. Not only that,but the pressure in her bladder has gotten worse during the past few holes. As such it was getting difficult to focus with her bladder distracting her. Azelea looked around and exhaled. There were no toilets in sight and all the water surrounding the holes weren't making it any easier for her to take her mind of off her needs.

*Ahem*

Azelea snapped out of her thoughts and saw Rosalina standing there. Azelea just walked past her without saying anything and struck the ball. This time it landed a bit further than Rosalina's. Azelea slowly walked towards her ball and used her free hand to hold her crotch.

Each hole was even farther away from the entrance than the last and she didn't want to interrupt the game to relieve herself. That and she was determined to win against the princess from space. Azelea's turn once again came. She tried to focus,but her bladder was once again distracting her. She swung and struck the ball,but she ended overshooting the hole. When Rosalina's turn came again,She was able to get the ball in the hole. Azelea tried to strike her ball gently,but it ended up a few inches from the hole once again. Azelea groaned and held her club tighter. After she was able to get the ball in the hole,Rosalina walked up to her and smiled.

"Looks like i'm still in the lead." Rosalina said.

"Not for long!" Azelea said as she marched towards the next hole. She closed her eyes and tried to ignore her bladder,but she could still hear the sound of the waterfalls in the distance.

"Mamamia,i think those two have developed a rivalry." Luigi said. Mario nodded and pointed at Azelea.

"Yeah,she does look a little..stiff. Do you guys think she's okay?" Daisy said.

###

"Ugh....i should've gone sooner..." Azelea said as she nervously squirmed. It seemed like they only had a few more holes to go and she hoped that was the case,cause she was getting pretty desperate. However,it seemed she wasn't the only one. She noticed that Rosalina also seemed to be having trouble standing still. She was wiggling her hips and rubbing her knees together quite a lot. A sight that caused Azelea to blush. And she seemed to be having trouble focusing as well. She swung her club again and it once landed close to the hole. Azelea swung her club and it also landed close. She approached the hole and got a closer look at rosalina. She was blushing and she had one hand between her legs.

"Oh...the apricot tea...." Rosalina whispered to herself.

"Heh..What's the matter,your highness?" Azelea asked with a smile. Rosalina turned around and smiled.

"Nothing..." Rosalina lied. Azelea couldn't lie,the nervous expression on Rosalina's face was quite cute. Unfortunately,it did little to distract her from her own needs.

When her turn came,Rosalina tried to focus and take aim. However,she was still shaking her hips while doing so,something that did not go unnoticed by Azelea. Rosalina turned around and Azelea quickly looked away.

"What am i doing?!" Azelea though to herself.

"Oh...finally...." She heard Rosalina whisper. Azelea took her turn and she was able to land the ball in the hole.

"You're looking a little nervous there princess...are you afraid you're gonna lose?" Azelea taunted while fidgeting.

"No...You seem to be pretty nervous yourself." Rosalina said.

"Oh i'm not nervous! I'm just excited! I'm gonna win!" Azelea lied.

"Don't celebrate early. Rosalina said. She then followed the others to the next hole. Azelea took a second and held her crotch tightly.

"C'mon! Please let the game end soon! I need to pee so badly...." She said to herself

###

At last,the final hole was here. It was Azelea turn. She was currently a little further away from Rosalina. She tried to focus on striking,but bladder made it more difficult to focus. Now she was shaking her butt and stand on one foot and then on the other. She could feel someone staring at her,causing her to turn around with a blush on her face. Rosalina quickly turned away and but the red cheeks were something that Azelea was able to spot. But she ignored it and tried to focus on the ball. She ignored it and struck the ball with all her might.

"C'mon...C'mon!" Azelea Whispered. the ball landed a few feet away from the hole,earning a groan from Azelea.

"Ahh!" Azelea turned around and saw Rosalina standing there with her teeth gritted and her legs crossed. Rosalina noticed Azelea staring and quickly tried to stand up right.

"She must be reaching her limit...." Azelea said to herself. Her turn came again and Rosalina struck the ball and waited for the ball to land. The ball rolled on the ground and landed next to the hole again. Azelea stood near her ball prepared to tap it.

"C'mon...Gently..." the tapped the ball,but it barely missed the goal. Azelea groaned again. Daisy approached her ball and was able to get the ball in the hole. She briefly celebrated but then noticed how uncomfortable Azelea and Rosalina looked.

"Are you two okay?" Daisy asks. The two simply nodded and daisy just shrugged and walked away. Rosalina struck the ball and was able to get the ball in the hole. It was now Azelea's turn. She stood still and focused. Using every bit off her strength to focus on the ball. She then gently tapped the ball and.....

"YES!" Azelea yelled. The ball landed in the hole. Azelea ran up to Mario,who had already finished the hole.

"Uhhh...Where did Rosalina go?"

Mario shrugged.

"I overheard her saying that she had to take care of something." Luigi said as he took his ball out of the river below. The sight of the river sent another wave of pressure through Azelea's body.

"Uhh...I'll go..look for her..." Azelea said. Before mario could say anything else, Azelea bolted into the forest.

###

Azelea ran into the forest until she was sure she was far away enough from the Golf Course. She leaned against a tree and looked around for cover.

"Ah~" She gritted her teeth and held her crotch tighter. She need to pee and she needed to do so now. She quickly ran towards the nearest bush. She was about to pull down her pants. but as she got closer to the bush,she was greeted by the sight of Rosalina. She was bending over,her pants already down and she was in the process of pulling down her light blue panties. Rosalina turned around and yelped. She quickly tried to pull her shorts back up.

"A-Azelea,i-i can explain! I uhh...i was-" Rosalina struggled to come up with an excuse. Azelea wanted to make a comment,but her bladder was quick to silence her.

"Argh! I can't hold it anymore! Please don't look!" She said as she turned around. Rosalina let out a "huh?". And her look of confusion was quickly replaced with a look of surprise. Azelea turned around and,in one quick motion,pulled down her orange shorts along side her yellow panties. This caused rosalina's face to turn even redder. She quickly turned around tried to ignore what was going on behind her to focus on her own needs. She pulled her pants and panties back down and squatted down with her hands on her knees. Despite her bladder being at it's limit,Rosalina still hesitated to relax her muscles. But then....

"Haaaaah......ohhhhhhhhh~...." Rosalina heard the moans and the sound of splattering water coming from behind her. Despite her telling her not to do so,Rosalina slowly turned her head and what she saw made her face even more red. Azelea had already started relieving herself on the other side of the bush. She was also in a squat-position,but her hands on the grass and she was thrusting her body forward. She was facing away from rosalina,but that did not stop her from getting a view of the stream of urine that was coming from her body. Creating a small arc before splattering against the grass.

This view is sent one last jolt through Rosalina's body,causing her to finally lose control of her bladder. A powerful stream jetted out of her body. The sudden loss of control caused Rosalina to let out a moan. She quickly covered her mouth and closed her eyes. A few moans of relief escaped from her,but they were muffled by her hands. Azelea on the other hand didn't really both hiding her relief,as all her "Ahh's" and "Oh's" could be heard as clear as day. The two ladies remained there and relaxed their continued to empty their bladders. About a minute had passed and their streams slowly got weaker until only a few drops game out. Azelea let out a loud sigh. Azelea reached for her bag and started digging into it.

However. even after the stream had ended,Rosalina was still in the squatting position. She was just staring into the distance while breathing heavily. She was starting feel a little...weird...in her lower region. Rosalina slowly lowered her hand,she was still breathing heavily. Azelea, completely oblivious to what was going on, had found a pack of tissues in her bag. she grabbed a few and held them behind her.

"Here,have some tissues..." She said. However,Rosalina didn't take them.

"Hey,Rosalina! I have some.." Azelea turned around and her eyes became as wide as dinner plates. She saw Rosalina with her hands between her legs. Not only that,but she could hear a few quiet moans coming from Rosalina. It didn't take long for Azelea to piece together what she was doing. She kept looking at the cosmic lady and She subconsciously reached for her own private parts. A feeling of pleasure suddenly went through her body. Azelea closed her eyes and kept rubbing her womanhood.

Rosalina was still doing the same,her face turning redder and red and her moans getting louder and louder. She leaned her body back and kept stimulating her vulva,the feeling of pleasure getting stronger and stronger. Azelea started moaning even louder and her breathing became even heavier. Both ladies kept this up until they felt an orgasm. Another spurt of liquid came out of both bodies and splattered much closer to their bodies. The two golfers trying to catch their breath. after a while, Azelea broke the the silence.

"So...do you need tissues?" Rosalina's eyes widened. It had just dawned on her what just happened. She slowly turned around and took the tissues.

"Umm...." Rosalina just looked away.

"Yeah....that uhh...that happened..." Azelea said as she grabbed some tissues for herself.

"Y-yeah..." Rosalina said while wiping her private area. Azelea shoved the paper into the bushes and pulled her pants and panties back up.

"Uhh...How about we...don't speak about this?" Azelea said.

"I would love nothing more. Nobody in the entire galaxy can find out about this." Rosalina said as she pulled up her shorts and panties.

"Y'know. oddly enough...i don't think i'd mind doing that again." Azelea admitted.

"Hmmm....Maybe...." Rosalina replied. Maybe she might do this more often too. She could have to make sure there are no lumas to watch her though.

"Uhh...OH SHIITAKE MUSHROOMS! WE FORGOT ABOUT THE GAME!" Azelea yelled.

"Oh! Of course! The game! Uhh,who won?" Rosalina asked.

###

"WE TIED?" Azelea said as she looked at the score. Luigi was at the bottom,Daisy was above him,Peach was in 4th place and Mario was in 3rd. But Azelea and Rosalina? They both had the same amount of points.

"Wow...What a surprise." Rosalina said. She turned around and held out her hand.

"Good game, Azelea." Rosalina said. Azelea hesitated for a bit. She wanted to play a few more games,but after what happened,she didn't have enough energy to do so. She grabbed Rosalina's hand and shook it.

"Well then. How about we go take a break. This game of Golf was surprisingly intense with you two around." Daisy said.

The group nodded and walked away from the hole.

"By the way, Rosalina... What were you doing in that forest? you kinda just ran off after you scored." Daisy asked.

"oh uhh..." Rosalina said.

"Did you two....go there to pee?" Daisy asked. Causing the two to blush.

"Hehehe! Yeah,i suspected that was the reason you two were moving so awkwardly. Don't worry. Believe it or not,I've been there. When you gotta,go you gotta go." Daisy said,remembering when she and Luigi went through a haunted mansion together.

"I uhh...." Rosalina said with her face turning red again.

"Yup! We went to uhh...water the flowers. that's it. nothing else happened!" Azelea said with a nervous smile.

"Right...Don't worry,i won't tell anyone." Daisy said. She then walked away.

Rosalina and Azelea just followed her while giggling awkwardly. At least the other half of what happened stayed a complete secret.

