N. Sane Desperation (Tawna Bandicoot)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-10-09 15:43

Story suggested by @VaporFrog

A loud slurping sound could be head high in the woods of N. Sanity Beach. Sitting a top one of the tree branches was Tawna Bandicoot. In her hand was a can of Wumpa Juice she had just finished emptying.

"Ahh,that hit the spot." Tawna said she dropped the empty can in a trash bin below,which had a few more cans in it. Tawna jumped off the tree branch and stretched her arms.

"I'm so bored." Tawna said to herself. Life on N. Sanity beach had been pretty normal. Aside from the recent Grand Prix,not much had happened in recent weeks. With nothing else to do,Tawna decided to go for a walk along the Beach. She began thinking about what she could do. Maybe a date with Crash? He was always up to something crazy. Tawna sat down under a palm tree and leaned back. She stared at the ocean waves and eventually,her eyes closed.

###

".....ugh...huh?" Tawna opened her eyes. She got up and rubbed them.

"I guess i must've fallen asleep. How long have i..." Tawna said. That's when she realized something. She now felt a bit of a pang in her abdomen. That must've been what woke her up.

"Man. Maybe i should've slowed down on the Wumpa Juice." Tawna said while feeling her abdomen. Tawna looked at the ocean below. She took a few steps towards the ocean,but then stopped.

"No. I didn't bring my swimsuit with me. Or a towel. I don't want to get these clothes wet." Tawna said. With that,she turned to the other option: the bushes. Despite being an animal,Tawna wasn't very fond of relieving herself in public. Getting unwanted attention from some of the island residents already made her feel awkward at times. She did not want to see someone staring at her while she was exposing her most private area. But the beach seemed to be empty,so Tawna decided that doing it here wouldn't hurt. She approached the bushes and looked around to absolutely make sure nobody was watching,she unbuttoned her shorts. Right as she was about to unzip her fly,the bushes began moving. Tawna quickly buttoned up her shorts and backed away from the bush. A crab crawled out of the bushes and looked at Tawna.

"Hi there. i was just..looking at this bush. It’s very beautiful.” Tawna said. The crab just stood there and stared at her without making any other movements. Tawna slowly backed away from the crab and didn’t look back. That crab didn’t look display any anthropomorphic qualities, but you never knew. Once she was far away from that bush she hid behind another one and was about to unbutton her shorts again. The bushes began rustling again and two more crabs came out of the bushes. Tawna backed away from it and went to another bush. But this time a skunk came out of the bushes. Tawna hastily backed away from it and sighed.

“Looks like the bushes aren’t an option now. I’ll just go visit Crash.” Tawna said.

###

“Oh…forget the maybe. I SHOULDN’T have drank so much Wumpa juice.” Tawna said to herself. Surprised by how full her bladder had gotten on her way to Crash’s house. Upon seeing the door, she quickened her pace and lifted her hand. She knocked the door and waited.

…..And waited.

……And waited…..

…..But nobody came. Tawna knocked on the door again and waited. Her feet impatiently tapping against the sand below her. She knocked on the door again and let out a loud exhale while having her hands on her hips.

“Oh c’mon. Don’t tell me nobody’s home right now.” Tawna said as she knocked on the door again. Once again,no answer.

“Ugh…I guess I’ll have to go pee elsewhere.” Tawna said while she walked away from the door. With each step,she felt a twinge that had become difficult to ignore,even if she tried thinking about something else. She looked at the bushes once again and slowly approached them, but the sound of rustling quickly made her dismiss the idea of trying to squat behind a bush again. She ran her hand through her hair and continued looking for a spot to take care of her slowly growing need to pee.

###

Unfortunately for Tawna, She had no luck finding a suitable place to relieve herself. The beach didn’t seem to have any bathrooms and the bushes were filled with creatures. Much like the crabs from earlier, they didn’t seem to be anthropomorphic, But looks can be deceiving. With nowhere to go, Tawna was now wandering inside the Jungle,following a path that helped her avoid all the hazards and the wildlife.

“Oh. I really need to go now.” Tawna said to herself. With nobody in sight, Tawna had placed her hands on her crotch. Occasionally stopping and squeezing to try and ease the pressure. It did work a little bit, but the pressure would still come back after a while.

“Relax Tawna, Just don’t think about it! Just ignore it!” Tawna said to herself with a smile. A smile that quickly disappeared once she heard a splash. She turned to look for the source of the noise and found several fish swimming through a flowing river. Tawna bit her lip, trying hard not to let out a moan.

“Of course it has to be difficult.” She said to herself as she continued walking. Suddenly, Tawna was snapped out of her thoughts by the sound of animals. Multiple animals ran past her. Tawna looked in front of her in confusion and what she saw nearly made her let out what she was trying to hold in. A giant boulder was rolling towards her and the creatures. Tawna quickly followed the animals. All of them using every bit of their energy to try and outrun the boulder. Being unable to cross her legs and her running motion made her bladder send some very powerful signals to her brain. Tawna placed on of her hands between her legs in order to try and ease the pressure while running but it didn’t seem to do very much.

###

“*Phew*….i escaped.” Tawna said, trying to catch her breath after all that running. She hunched over and leaned against a tree. However, she quickly stood upright and jammed both of hands on her crotch. She crossed her legs and began squirming.

“Oh! I need to go so bad!” Tawna said. She looked behind her and looked at the trees and bushes that were all over the Jungle. She was really considering doing it right here, but the aforementioned fear of hidden wildlife made her think twice. And if that wasn’t enough, a sudden hiss from the bushes is what ultimately sealed her decision. She looked down and saw a snake sliding out of the bushes.

“….Nnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooope!” Tawna said as she ran away from the snake. Eventually, another twinge in her bladder caused her to slow down. She crossed her legs tighter and shifted from one foot to the other.

“Oh! I don’t think I can hold it much longer! I need to find a bathroom now!” Tawna said as she speed walked out of the jungle.

###

Tawna had finally found her way out of the jungle and she now found herself standing in front of another dirt road. A road familiar to Tawna, as this road is usually used for racing practice. Tawna’s eyes lit up. She had been on this road many times before and she knew there was a restroom there that she could use. She followed the road, trying to smile through the pressure she felt with each step. Eventually,She saw the back of an outhouse in the distance.

“Yes! Oh,Thank goodness! She said she continued walking while reaching out for the outhouse. She walked past the side and looked at the door with a smile. But her happiness turned to horror upon seeing a line in front of the bathroom. A line consisting of the trophy girls from the Racing Tournaments.

“H-Huh?!” Tawna let out.

“Oh! H-Hi Tawna. I hope you don’t have to go too badly right now.” Megumi said.

“We had a bit of a party just now and...Man does the Wumpa Juice really go through you.” Isabelle said. Their talking was briefly interrupted by the sound of the toilet flushing. The door opened and out if it came Coco Bandicoot,Crash’s Sister.

“Sorry for the wait,it’s all yours.” Coco said while exiting. She looked at Tawna and waved at her and then went on her way.

“Finally! Excuse me!” Liz said. She hastily entered the bathroom and closed the door. Tawna groaned and got in the back of the line of Desperate Bandicoots. Tawna let out another exhale and hastily looked around for something to distract her from her bladder pressuring her.

“Haaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh….oh that feels good!” Liz moaned. Rather loudly to the chagrin of the other Bandicoots waiting for her.

“Hurry up,Liz! I’m about to wet myself here!” Ami said.

“We all are,sweetie.” Isabella said.

“Oh…hurry please!” Megumi said. Tawna groaned as she tried to ignore the moans and the sound of splashing water coming from the small house. She found it a bit embarrassing that the toilet she found seemed to have walls that weren’t very sound proof, but at this point she was so desperate she could take anywhere. And it seemed she was not the only one.

“Oh! I can’t take it anymore!” Megumi said as she ran out of the line. She went to the side of the porta potty,out of view of the other bandicoots in line. However, that didn’t stop from hearing her pull down her pants and trying to get into a good position. And soon that noise was replaced with.

“Ooooooooooooh……..” The remaining Bandicoots squirmed and crossed their legs. The sound of the two Bandicoots getting their much needed relief drove them crazy.

“Oh! Just a bit longer!” Tawna said as she shifted from one foot to the other. Another flush soon came from the toilet and Liz exited it with a very relieved expression.

“Oh! Pardon me!” Isabelle said as she hastily entered the bathroom.

“Hey…Where is-“ Liz said as she stopped to listen. She peeked to the side and took a few steps forward.

“STOP! DON’T LOOK!” Megumi said,startling Liz. Tawna scratched her head and let out another groan upon hearing another sigh of relief coming from the outhouse.

“Damn it,Isabella! Hurry up in there!” Ami said as she squirmed in place. Tawna just remained quiet and waited while her bladder was begin for release. Soon,another flush came from the toilet. A sight that would’ve made Tawna light up,had it not been for the fact that there was still another desperate bandicoot in front of her. Isabella exited the outhouse and Ami shoved her out of the way. She quickly shut the door,leaving Tawna as the only bandicoot left that had to pee.

“OOOOOOOOH…..YEAH……so good.” Ami moaned, Tawna bit her lip and crossed her legs even tighter.

“C’mon! Just a little longer!” Tawna said to herself. Being so close yet so far made it way more difficult for her to hold it in. And the watery sounds combined with the moaning coming from the toilet didn’t help.

“Please! I need to go now!” Tawna said out loud. As if the world had decided to throw her a bone,at that very moment,she heard a flush coming from the bathroom. Ami exited the bathroom a few seconds later and smiled.

“Man that felt so-OMPH!” She said as she got shoved by Tawna.

“Sorryamibutimdying!” Tawna hastily said as she closed the door. She hastily unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down along with her panties,a move that made her prematurely let out some urine. Tawna hastily sat on the toilet and in just a second,the small spurt had become a very powerful stream.

“Ahhhh! Finally! Oooooaaaaaah……” Tawna moaned as her leaned her back against the toilet, leaving her legs wide open to reveal the powerful stream cascading out of her bladder. And Tawna was loving every second of it,Her arms collapsed and she tilted her head sideways while her eyes closed. She let out another sigh as her bladder continued to shrink. Her stream continued until after about half a minute. It turned into a trickle and then completely stopped. Tawna let out one last satisfied sigh and grabbed some toilet paper to wipe herself. After finally taking care of everything,she washed her hands and flushed the toilet. She exited the bathroom looking just as relieved as the other girls. The girls remained silent until Megumi spoke up.

“…..Okay. I think we all learned a lesson today.”

“………Don’t drink multiple cans of Wumpa Juice?” Tawna asked.

“….Yeah.” Megumi replied.

“That might be a little difficult. It’s a pretty delicious drink.” Isabella said. Which al the Bandicoots agreed with. Tawna giggled and walked away.

“Hey. Where are you going?” Liz asked.

“I’m going back to the Beach. I want to sit down and relax after the walk I’ve been through just now.” Tawna replied. The other Bandicoots looked at her with confusion.

