Jordan In Class

Author: omofan5

*000*2022-05-18 16:55

Hey everyone! It's been a while but I'm glad to be back with a new story! As always let me know what you think, and follow me on twitter where I post captions, its @omofan5 or Omorashi Captions. Enjoy!

Jordan shifted in her chair, she couldn’t believe she was actually doing this, but she knew it was necessary.

“Oh my God Jordan! There’s no way!” Her friend and roommate Grace laughed. The two girls were in their bathroom, Grace was standing, facing the toilet where Jordan was sitting. But Jordan wasn’t using the toilet, she had no need to, at least, not anymore.

“I…” Jordan began before trailing off, then she started to laugh as well. Despite not using the toilet, her shorts were around her ankles, but her panties were still on. Her panties, gray, and soaking wet.

“I guess I had an accident!” Jordan laughed. The two friends had been sitting on the couch, showing each other Tik-Toks when they saw one that was so ridiculous, they both couldn’t stop laughing. Eventually, they were laughing at how hard they were laughing, then, Jordan quickly stopped laughing, and ran to the bathroom with a hand pressed between her legs and a trail of piss following her.

That was the first accident, at the time Jordan didn’t really think much of it. She just showered, changed into some new clothes, and moved on. It wasn’t a big deal to piss yourself from laughing too hard, it happened all the time! Besides, she hadn’t even gone that much, the stain on her panties was about the size of a baseball and the stain on her shorts much smaller.

But then there was the second time…

Jordan and Grace had just finished eating dinner, the two girls had a pasta dish that Grace had made, along with a little bit of wine. Since Grace had made the meal, Jordan was the one doing the dishes. Jordan had felt the urge to pee throughout ever since she finished her first glass of wine, but that didn’t stop her from having two more. The urge wasn’t that strong though, and Jordan figured she could finish the dishes before using the bathroom.

That’s what she figured at least… the sound of running water and the warm wet feeling on her hands must’ve weakened the hold she had on her bladder. Because before she even knew what was happening, Jordan could feel a warm trickle running down the leg of her jeans. More trickles like that began, and Jordan realized what was going on. Quickly she shut off the water, stuck a hand between her legs, and pressed them firmly together, but it was too late.

Grace watched her roommate attempt to hobble her way to the bathroom, but when she saw the size of the wet stain blossoming on the back of Jordan’s light gray sweatpants, and the trail of piss she left behind her, she knew that by the time she got to the toilet there would be almost nothing left. Grace walked into the bathroom to once again see her friend sitting on the toilet with wet baby blue panties, these ones more soaked than the last.

“I don’t know what happened… I was just washing the dishes…” Jordan began.

“Don’t worry it’s fine, clean yourself up I’ll deal with the rest.” Grace said.

Jordan was lucky Grace was so understanding, most people would’ve been upset to have to clean up their roommates piss. But Grace actually didn’t seem to mind and was more concerned about how Jordan was doing, but the girl with the wet panties tried to assure her that it was just another accident and that she was fine.

But when Jordan shifted in her seat again, she heard a slight crinkle. She burned red and looked around to see if anyone could tell. Luckily, everyone was too distracted with the exam. This caused Jordan to remember the last exam she took in a different class a few days ago.

Jordan understood why you can’t just let people get up to go use the bathroom during an exam, but that rule was really, REALLY, causing her problems right now. While she was cramming before class, she went through her entire liter water bottle, twice. She tried to finish the exam as fast as she could (while still getting the answers right) while trying to not be so obvious about her dying need to pee. Finally, once she finished she practically ran out of the classroom, to the toilet in the building, only to see it was closed! Apparently all the toilets in the building were closed for some sort of maintenance. This meant Jordan had to walk back to her dorm, hand between her jean clad legs the entire walk. Until she made it to her building, up the stairs, and then when she finally got to her door…

Jordan’s face burned red again, this time at the memory.

She couldn’t get her key out of her bag, she was fumbling for it as her bladder screamed. She was so close, so close to relief, to the toilet, that she just couldn’t take it anymore. She felt the cold metal of the key touch her hand, then, she felt a warmth blossom in the crotch and seat of her jeans. She grabbed the key, and the warmth kept spreading. As she put the key in the knob she felt it pool in her shoes, soaking her socks, and she heard the sound of drops of liquid hitting the ground. She turned the key, opened the door, and hobbled inside. Looking down, Jordan could see her accident clear as day. And so could Grace.

Jordan recalled how she explained her predicament to her roommate, the broken toilet, the fumbling for the key. But Grace seemed to be worried.

“This is your third accident in a week, are you sure you’re fine?” Grace asked.

“Oh yeah of course.” Jordan replied. “I mean accidents happen, I don't feel too upset about it.”

“No I mean, like… your bladder,” Grace said. “Are you sure it’s okay? Like you don’t have any problems ‘holding it’ right?”

Of course Jordan told her she didn’t, but when she shifted in her seat again, Jordan felt the proof that Grace didn’t believe her. Jordan thought she had bought them as a joke, but she soon realized that Grace was serious about the package she had bought from the drug store.

“You actually think I need those? C’mon you’re joking.” Jordan told her friend.

“I’m serious.” Grace said. “C’mon it’s better than pissing yourself right?”

Jordan was able to dodge the subject for a few more days, until one night when Grace’s words rang through Jordan’s head.

Grace had had a long day and decided that she needed a long, relaxing, bath to unwind. Jordan respected that, but just wished she would cut the bath a little short because Jordan really needed to piss! Curled up on the couch, Jordan tried her best to get her mind off of her bladder, she watched Netflix, then switched to YouTube. She tried doing some homework, but constantly having to shift and readjust kept distracting her. As the minutes ticked on she realized she was getting more and more desperate, as desperate as she was when she had her recent accidents.

“What am I worried about?” Jordan thought. But as she felt her bladder press against the waistband of her sweatpants, Jordan did worry. She worried about whether or not she did have a bladder problem. About whether or not she could keep her panties dry.

She pressed her legs together and looked over at the package on the table. Did she really need those? Jordan remembered the warm wet feeling that spread in her panties when she wet herself, what would it feel like to piss in those?

These thoughts caused Jordan’s body to betray her. Feeling a warm jet of piss shoot out of her and into her panties, Jordan curled up into a ball on the couch, grabbing her crotch as tight as she could to prevent any more from escaping. She didn’t even think she could make it to the toilet if she tried now.

Standing up as carefully as she could, Jordan felt another burst of piss, longer and more powerful, make its way down her leg, staining her pants on the journey. Jordan looked over at the package on the table and waddled towards it. Any hope of preventing an accident was gone but at least she could prevent a mess.

Luckily for Jordan, she was able to tear the package easily with one hand and pull one of them out. Then, clenching her muscles as tight as possible she pulled down her pants and panties, and stepped into the thing she was protesting a few days earlier she didn’t need.

It felt warmer and wetter than Jordan had expected, but also more absorbent. A loud hiss filled the room but no sounds of pattering on the floor. The feeling was intense, warmth and wetness suddenly pooled around her nether regions. Jordan grabbed the chair in front of her and spread her legs as she moaned and pushed her piss into the material of the diaper. The design on the front faded, but Jordan’s eyes were screwed so tight she didn’t even notice.

So tight, she didn’t even notice Grace enter the room. Watching her nineteen year old roommate stand in the middle of the floor and fill a pull-up with piss.

After that Jordan and Grace came to an agreement. Jordan didn’t want to actually have to wear the diapers (it was hard trying to argue that point while wearing a soaked pull-up) but Grace insisted she at least try them. So they agreed that whenever Jordan left the house to go to class, she would wear a pull-up. She was allowed to take it off to use the toilet whenever she could make it, this was simply a test to prove she could stay dry.

This was the hardest test yet for Jordan. She was only halfway through the exam but her bladder already felt as it did on the couch, on the verge of bursting. This time she was already wearing the diapers, but she had to keep them dry. The only thing she could do was hold. Not only did she want to prove Grace wrong, she also knew that if she pissed in her pull-up right now it would be so loud. And even worse, the hot guy that sits next to her and stares at her all class would definitely notice.

So Jordan powered on, the silence unbearable as she tried her best not to fidget, not to make it obvious that she was using every ounce of will not to flood her diapers with piss. She quietly unbuttoned the top button of her jeans to try to gain some relief. She looked over at the hot guy who was staring at her earlier, and once again his eyes darted away, however this time his face was burning red. He definitely saw her do that, but right now Jordan didn’t care. Well, she told herself she didn’t care, but she also burned red when she realized that this guy could definitely tell she had to pee.

Instead of worrying about that guy though, Jordan should’ve been more focused on her bladder, she felt the first leak, short, but powerful and unintentional. She was losing the fight and she knew it. She pressed her legs together tightly to regain control and pondered what she was going to do.

“Shit, I wet it.” Jordan realized. She failed, that little spurt was proof that she needed diapers. Of course Grace wouldn’t check, but Jordan would be honest, and thankful. Thankful that she’s in a position where she would be soaking a diaper, and not her panties and jeans.

But still, she didn’t want to soak her diaper. It was just a pull-up, not meant to hold the amount of piss Jordan had held up in her bladder. Also, Jordan knew that if she lost full control, it would be loud. The hissing sound of the piss hitting the diaper would be noticeable at least those sitting near her. But when Jordan saw one of her classmates get up to hand in her test, and heard the commotion it caused, she came up with a plan.

She waited, legs crossed and eyes peeled for the next person to put their pencil down and begin to pack up. Right when she saw one of the boys sitting two desks away from her finish his test, she let control over her bladder go. Jordan almost wanted to moan over how good it felt, between the relief of being able to lighten her aching bladder, and the soft wetness of the diaper pressed against her pussy, Jordan couldn’t help but blush as she followed the guy with her eyes out of the room.

Starting the stream was the easy part, the hard part was stopping. Jordan was still furiously pissing when the door closed, and she needed to stop immediately unless she wanted to alert those around her. But that was easier said than done. Once she stopped little trickles still kept coming out, and she was more desperate than ever now. She had made a mistake, her eyes stung with desperation as her piss continued to trickle out as the stream regained power.

Jordan knew she was out of options, and only fighting the inevitable. And so, she gave in. She closed her eyes and let all the stress and pressure that had built up inside her over the past few hours be released. Jordan let out a huge sigh as she felt the river of piss flow over her nether regions, and pool there and against her ass. The piss that didn’t soak into the diaper simply sat pressed against her skin, staying warm with her body heat. It was just like before when she wet the diaper in her house, the same intense pleasure.

But that wasn’t the only sensation that returned. It was exactly what Jordan was afraid of, the stream came out with so much power that the faint sound of its liquid hitting the padding of a diaper, and this was loud. Definitely loud enough for people around her to hear it. But just then, the boy who sat next to her stood up, not only that, but when he stood up his chair fell backwards and made a loud clang that startled everyone in the room.

“My bad!” The boy said before trying to fix his seat, also somewhat loudly. This entire time Jordan had been pissing in her diaper, and now the stream was turning into a trickle. Any sounds that would’ve been coming from her crotch would’ve been silenced by his antics. Everybody stared at him as he turned his test in and left the room.

Shifting in her seat, Jordan felt how hot and soggy she had just made the diaper, and was afraid of what now. What if she leaked? What if she would have to waddle her way out of class? Deciding to put those thoughts off for now, she realized she only had thirty more minutes to finish her exam and got to work with urgency.

Luckily, her pull-up didn’t leak when she stood up, but it was odd to feel the wet, heavy material shift against her skin. She did have to walk a little funny, but nothing too noticeable hopefully.

When Jordan left the classroom, she realized she might have been noticed. The boy who sat next to her was still sitting outside the room, waiting for her. When she came out he looked up from his phone and walked up to her.

“Uh, hey how’s it going?” The boy asked her. “My name Will, I know we never really talked before but I thought since…”

The way he trailed off, and the way he was sneaking looks at her crotch made Jordan realize he had known what he was doing. He tipped the chair open on purpose so nobody would hear the sound of her piss hitting the diaper. But that means he had heard it, which caused Jordan to burn red. Jordan had caught him staring at the bulge the diaper made in her pants, but when she looked down she noticed one in his too.

“Thank you, by the way.” Jordan said, feeling bold after seeing what effect she had on him. He was still a cute guy, and if liked the fact that Jordan pissed her diaper in class then what's the harm? But this acknowledgment made the boy's face turn bright red, and the bulge in his pants grew bigger, so much so that he had to try to adjust himself. This just made Jordan giggle.

“D-don’t mention it.” Will told her.

“Do you want my number? Just in case we have any questions about class or anything?” Jordan asked him, and she thought he was about to pass out.

By the time Jordan made it back to her apartment, Grace was sitting in the living room watching TV.

“How was your test? Did you stay dry?” Grace teased her roommate.

“You tell me.” Jordan responded, before unbuttoning her jeans and taking them off right there.

“Oh my God you’re soaked! How much did you piss???” Grace ran up to her friend to inspect the pull-up, she pressed against the front and squeezed. “It feels like it’s about to leak, and it’s still warm too!”

“Yeah I may have pissed in it some more on the way home but oh well.” Jordan said. “That’s what they’re for right?”

“Oh? So you’re fine with wearing them now?” Grace teased while still feeling the wet pull-up.

“Yeah actually, now hold on, let me go change.” Jordan said, before walking over to the pack of pull-ups, grabbing a fresh one, and heading to the bathroom.

Inside the bathroom, Jordan checked herself out in the mirror. She always knew she looked good, tall, brunette, athletic, and the soggy pull-up hanging between her legs didn’t seem to change that. She thought about Will, she had given him her number earlier, but she hadn’t texted him yet. So, she snapped a selfie of her standing in the full length mirror, soaked pull-up clearly visible between her toned, tan legs.

“Thanks again for earlier.” Was all she said as she sent that picture along to him.

*002*2022-05-18 18:29

{{26 minutes ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I like that!! Will there be more?

}}

Most likely! I was thinking about making this a series based on the response I got.

