Emma and Sarah - Summer Vacation

Author: Oneno5566

*000*2019-08-15 05:40

I'm finally back with a story. Turns out, fleshing out stories is way harder than most of you make it out to be. This actually wasn't the story I intended on posting next, but my original idea involved a little more of a storyline, along with some character development, which has made for slow progress (still a noob at this). So instead, you guys get this story, which is a sequel to Making the Grade

. That being said, this is almost pure omo ficition. There's not much story to this, just a couple of college girls on summer break, but I figured I'd play around with this, see if it helps with my other story. Just a few navigational notes:

I'm trying to play with the perspective a little bit, so I'll be switching between Emma and Sarah. [ <><><> ] indicates a change in perspective.

[ ### ] indicates a break in time.

[ Italics ] indicates the thoughts of the perspective character

[Name: words] indicates a text message.

I'd love to hear any support, feedback, or critique you guys have. Enjoy!

Emma and Sarah - Summer Vacation

Part 1

As much as Emma hated to admit it, she was bored. With June a distant memory and July preparing to become August, summer vacation had flown by and Emma had done nothing with it. Emma lives in the apartment she shares all year with her roommate and best friend Sarah, but they are part of the small minority of students who do not return home for the summer. The sudden loss of population at the end of the school year causes the whole town to slow down. Traffic is minimal, sidewalks are clear, bars are quiet, and restaurants have no wait times. This last point affects Emma and Sarah personally, as both work as waitresses.

Part of the reason this particular Monday felt so slow was because of what the end of this week had in store. Every summer, Sarah’s family takes a trip to the beach, spending a week in their time share in South Carolina, and this year Emma had been invited to come along. Leaving Friday morning, the girls would make the six hour drive together to meet Sarah’s family at the condo. With work so slow, Emma and Sarah decided to request off not only for the week of the vacation, but for several days leading up to it also. Emma was regretting that decision now. She hadn’t even missed a shift yet, but she already felt like she was out of things to do. She was hoping things would liven up once Sarah returned from her final shift of the week. She was due to be home soon.

As if the thought conjured reality, Emma felt her phone buzz, signaling a text.

Sarah: Can you grab our rag towel and bring it to the front door?

Emma: Sure?

Sarah: I’ll explain when I get inside. Just let me know when you have it.

With her curiosity piqued, Emma went to the linen closet to dig out the old towel they reserved for wiping the bathroom floor and cleaning up other small messes around the house. She took the towel to the front door.

<><><>

Sarah didn’t know why this was happening to her. This took her tally for the week to two pairs of pants and four pairs of underwear. And one car seat. She did not want to think what her grey cloth driver’s seat was going to look like after this. Her phone buzzed.

Emma: Okay. I have it. Now what?

Sarah: Just wait. I’m coming.

Sarah scanned for potential witnesses as best as she could from her seat, then she got out of the car. She walked quickly across the small parking lot to the entrance of their first-floor apartment, trying to ignore as her crotch and bottom cooled in the breeze, her thin work leggings doing little to maintain the warmth she had felt only minutes ago. Emma opened the door as Sarah got close.

“Hello?” Emma greeted questioningly.

“Hi. Sorry to be short but let me see that towel.”

Emma handed the towel to Sarah, who laid it out on the entryway floor and stepped onto it. Emma closed the door and turned to Sarah questioningly.

“So?”

“I peed my pants and I didn’t want to drip through the house,” Sarah answered easily. She saw Emma’s eyes shift to her crotch. From her brief inspection in the car, Sarah knew that despite the black color of her leggings, Emma would see the misleadingly small damp patch on the front of her pants, gravity having caused the majority of the wetness to run beneath her after she lost control in her sitting position. She had not wanted her neighbors to know about her accident, but Sarah was not embarrassed with Emma. The two had been through so much together that a pair of peed pants would be nothing besides some giggles and light teasing.

“Again?!” Emma asked. Sarah knew Emma was referring to the scene she made yesterday when she arrived home from work and sprinted to the bathroom with her hand between her legs while yelling “Ohno! Ohno! Ohno!” When Emma walked down the hall to see if Sarah was okay, she found the bathroom door had been left open in disregard, allowing her to see Sarah pulling her leggings on and a discarded pair of purple underwear on the floor, the soaked crotch on full display.

“Yes, except this time I fully peed. Look.” Sarah turned around, showing Emma the stain on her ample bottom. She could feel the wetness had spread from the top of her cheeks down to about mid-thigh.

“Oh my gosh, Sarah! What happened?” Emma asked, smirking.

Sarah started removing her shoes. “Same thing as yesterday. I was on my way home and I suddenly had to pee, only this time I couldn’t hold it. As soon as I pulled into our parking lot, I just lost it.” Sarah paused to let Emma shake her head and have her chuckle, then she changed the subject. “I need a shower. Can you take these clothes to the washer?”

“Sure. Why wouldn’t I want to handle your pee-soaked clothes?” Emma asked sarcastically.

“We’ll just call it even from when I handled your pee-soaked bed a couple months ago.” Sarah was pleased to see this comment brought a slight blush to Emma’s cheeks. She’s still so easily embarrassed about bathroom functions.

“Yep, that sounds fair.”

“I thought so,” Sarah responded as she began to remove her pants.

###

Emma waited as Sarah peeled her leggings off, revealing a pair of grey panties that went near black just above her womanhood. The soaked material left little to the imagination until Sarah slipped the underwear down as well. Emma had seen Sarah naked before. Being fairly close roommates and gym partners several days per week, they had few reservations about changing in sight of each other. Emma was always slightly jealous of Sarah’s body. It was a classic case of “the grass is greener”. Emma was a fit girl with toned legs and a taught tummy, not to mention a butt that was rounded after hours of gym time every week, but Sarah just seemed to have those natural curves. While Sarah was in shape, she did not have the athlete’s body that Emma had. Instead, she was blessed with wider hips and a larger chest, and her blonde hair always attracted attention, although Sarah frequently commented on how much she loved Emma’s light brown hair.

As she finished undressing, Sarah said, “I have a couple things in the washer already. I didn’t have enough for a load, but I threw them in incase you ran a load. You can probably put a few things in for yourself anyway.”

“I’ll take a look.”

With her wet clothes removed, Sarah walked to the bathroom wearing only her work blouse. Emma collected the wet clothes and towel, being careful to avoid getting any pee on herself, and carried them to the small closet that housed their washer and dryer.

Emma dropped the few items in the washer and was about to walk to her bedroom to collect a few additional items before something in the washer caught her eye. Along with the items she had just added, she saw the underwear Sarah wore the day before, no surprise, two other pairs of underwear, and Sarah’s pajama pants. The article that caught Emma’s attention was Sarah’s pajama pants. Sarah didn’t wear pajama pants to bed, so the pants were only worn every once in a while when Sarah wanted to lounge around in pajamas for a couple hours before bed. As such, the pants did not often need washed.

This coupled with the knowledge of the two incidents from the past two days and the fact that the assortment of laundry contained only bottom-wear, Emma became concerned. So, letting her concern conquer the snoopy feeling it gave her, Emma touched the crotch of the pajama pants. They felt a little damp, but Emma thought it might be her imagination, and she took her investigation a step further. Grabbing the pants by the waistband, she pulled them out of the washer, held them in front of her face, and sniffed. Pee. There was no mistaking the smell of dry urine wafting from the pants.

Emma dropped the pants back into the washer and walked to her room to retrieve some laundry. She could hear the shower running as she passed the bathroom. Returning to the washer, she added a few items of her own, poured in some detergent, then, thinking of the reason several of the items needed to be washed, added a little more detergent. Then she sat on the couch to wait for Sarah to get out of the shower.

About twenty minutes later, Sarah emerged from her bedroom having showered, dried her hair, and donned a clean t-shirt and pair of shorts.

“I’m going to go outside and see if I can do anything about my car seat,” Sarah said as she headed to the front door to put her shoes on.

“Wait, Sarah, I wanted to ask you something.”

“What’s up?”

“Don’t be mad, but I saw what you had in the washer and… Did you pee in all of those clothes?”

“Yep.”

“Sarah! What’s going? Why did that happen?”

“Well the first one was at work yesterday. I was working tables and all of a sudden I had to pee. I couldn’t get a break until about fifteen minutes later, and a few sprinkles snuck out while I was waiting. It wasn’t too bad, really just wet enough to be uncomfortable, and during my next break I was able to change into my after-gym panties that I had in my car, which I peed in when I got home. That’s the one you knew about. Then last night I fell asleep on the couch watching tv, and when I woke up, I really had to pee. I started leaking as soon as I stood up. By the time I made it to the bathroom, there was a stain halfway down the legs of my pants and I could feel dribbles all the way down to my feet. And then there was today.”

“Don’t you feel like there’s a problem with that?”

“Of course. I obviously need to be more careful about my bathroom breaks.”

“No, I mean health-wise. I think you might have a UTI, or some other infection.”

Sarah thought for a moment, then said, “You know, I hadn’t really thought about that. I have had a lot of sudden urges to go lately.”

“No kidding. I think you should see a doctor.”

“You’re right. I’ll make an appointment right now.” Sarah walked to her room to make the phone call and returned a few minutes later. “I’ve got an appointment first thing Wednesday morning. I just need to make it through tomorrow.”

“We’d better just put a tv in the bathroom so you can be near the toilet all day,” Emma teased.”

Sarah laughed. “Maybe… Anyway, I’ve got to go deal with my seat. Thanks for looking out for me.”

“No problem. Do you want some help with your seat?”

“Nah, there’s not really room for two, but if you wanted to scratch up something for dinner, I wouldn’t object.”

“I can make that happen.”

Emma made dinner, salads and a frozen pizza, while Sarah cleaned her car. The girls ate dinner together, and then watched a couple episodes of their shared Netflix show before Sarah bowed out for the night. Emma, used to working nights, stayed up for another couple hours before heading to bed herself.

###

Emma woke up around 10 o’clock the next morning. She laid in bed for a few more minutes until her bladder demanded that she got up. After a quick stop in the bathroom, Emma made her way into the kitchen, where she found Sarah eating a bowl of cereal.

“Good morning.”

“Morning, Em.”

As Emma gathered the supplies for her own bowl of cereal, she realized the washing machine was running.

“Are you doing a load of wash?” Emma asked Sarah.

“Yep,” Sarah replied between bites of cereal.

“I thought we did all of your laundry yesterday.”

Still eating, Sarah nonchalantly answered, “We did. I made more last night. I peed my bed.”

“Sarah!”

“I know, mom. I’m seeing the doctor tomorrow. Until then, I can only deal with the symptoms.”

“I guess… Do you need any help?”

“Nope. You slept so late I’ve got everything cleaned up already.”

“Oh… Well, what should we do today?”

“I’d like to run to the store to pick up some cranberry juice. I heard that helps, and if this is a UTI I’d like to get ahead of it.”

“I don’t really think we need anything else. Do you want to take a walk together then?”

“Sounds good to me. Then what?”

“Screw it. Let’s waste the day. Movie marathon this afternoon?”

“That’s actually a good idea. We haven’t done that in a while.”

“Great. After breakfast I’ll get cleaned up and we can go to the store.”

<><><>

The walk to and from the store was fairly uneventful. Of course, Sarah had to pee as soon as they got home, but that was expected. After sorting out snacks and drinks for the first movie, the girls settled down to begin their marathon. Sarah had to pause the first movie twice and the second movie three times to take bathroom breaks, but she couldn’t do anything about that, and Emma, knowing the cause for the constant breaks, didn’t tease her. They made it to their third movie around four o’clock.

Sarah had to pause the movie about a third of the way through to allow for a bathroom break. She found she was really into this movie, and as the need to pee returned about an hour later, she decided to hold it until the end of the movie. It can’t be much longer. I’ll just wait, and if it gets really bad, I’ll just run to the bathroom. So she waited, and the cranberry juice she constantly drank steadily filled her bladder.

Fifteen minutes later Sarah was pressing her thighs together, trying to ignore the pressure in her bladder. On-screen, the plot was just beginning to unfold, and Sarah was entirely engrossed. At this point, she wasn’t even considering pausing for a break. She unconsciously allowed her body to do whatever it felt was necessary to wait until the end of the movie, which evolved into a sitting pee dance.

Emma, noticing her roommate’s constant wigging, asked, “Do you want to pause the movie?”

“Nope, I’ll be fine.”

“Are you sure? I don’t mind.”

“Yep. I’m okay.” Sarah’s reply could have easily been interpreted as “Shut up, I’m watching this,” so Emma let the subject drop.

A few minutes later, Sarah felt a wave of pressure in her bladder, and her muscles started to release. Still focused on the movie, Sarah put her hand between her legs to prevent the leak.

Seeing Sarah’s obviously desperate state, Emma asked, “Are you sure – “

“Shh!”

It can’t be much longer now. Indeed, the plot was nearly wrapped up, and there was just one final twist to be revealed. As Sarah watched intently, her bladder sent another warning pang, but her hands were not enough to prevent a small dribble from dampening her underwear. Oops. It’ll be alright. It’s not even wet. A minute later, her bladder responded to this thought with a sudden, hard spurt that would definitely leave a wet spot in Sarah’s panties. That almost got Sarah to run to the bathroom, but just then, the twist was finally revealed. The movie will be over in just a minute. I can hold it.

Just as the final scene ended, Sarah leaked again, and she felt warm wetness on her hand through the crotch of her shorts. She stood up to run to the bathroom, but stopped when she saw “Five years later” appear on the screen. Fuck! Well this can’t be that long, and I have to change now anyway, so I might as well finish the movie.

<><><>

Emma watched as her friend danced like a toddler in front of the tv. Both hands were in her crotch, and she was alternating legs, bringing one leg up slightly, setting it down, and shifting to the next leg. Emma wasn’t sure why Sarah didn’t just go to the bathroom, but she didn’t want to nag her roommate… She was twenty-one after all. By this point, Emma was more interested in watching Sarah’s antics than watching the movie, and she allowed herself a little pleasure at the sight of a small trickle making its way down Sarah’s right thigh, the light from the tv highlighting its path.

Not one second after the credits ended, Sarah ran to the bathroom. Because Sarah once again chose to save time and forego closing the door, Emma could hear Sarah’s pee hitting the water only moments after she entered the bathroom. As she heard Sarah’s stream taper off, Emma asked from the kitchen, “How’d it go?”

“I’m going to change into my PJs.”

“Weird how that decision was made as you were in the bathroom,” Emma chided.

“Shut up. You know I didn’t completely make it.”

“I know, but you deserve some teasing for that one. We should write a review for that movie. ‘So good you’ll pee your pants.’”

“I’d stand behind that.” The girls laughed at this. Sarah stepped out of the bathroom naked from the waist down, holding her shorts and underwear in her hand, then said, “I’m not quite ready for bed. Do you want to watch some of our show?”

“Sure. Want some popcorn?”

“Yes! Just let me change quick.”

Emma pulled a pack of popcorn from the box in the pantry and set it in the microwave. She found a large bowl while she waited for the contents of the bag to pop. When the microwave finished, she opened the bag, burning her fingers as she does every time, and poured the popcorn into the bowl. Emma picked up the bowl and started to walk toward the living room, having just enough time to wonder where Sarah was when she ran straight into her as she came down the hallway. After a brief display of instinct juggling, Emma managed to keep her grip on the bowl, losing only a handful of pieces to the floor.

“Oh my gosh. I’m sorry, Em! Here, I’ll get these ones on the floor.” Sarah squatted to pick up the lost pieces.

Emma set the bowl down on the coffee table then returned to the kitchen to help Sarah. As she walked up behind Sarah, she saw Sarah’s shirt had pulled up, and her pajama bottoms had stretched tight over her bottom. Under the stretched material, Emma saw a square bulge covering Sarah’s butt. That looks like… but no. Why would she? The meshy material of the waistband showing between Sarah’s shirt and pants confirmed Emma’s suspicions. That is definitely a pull-up. Emma was surprised to see Sarah still had her supplies from Dr. Walsh’s extra credit assignment. Emma donated hers to the lab to be used in the future classes. She was about to say something to Sarah about her choice of underwear but decided she knew exactly how Sarah would handle this situation, and instead she let Sarah finish cleaning the mess.

“All better,” Sarah said as she stood and dropped the pieces in the trash can. As she walked by, Emma lined up and gave her a swat on the butt. If she wasn’t convinced before, she had no doubts after she felt the plastic-like pillow soften the blow.

“I knew it!” Emma remarked, intentionally outing Sarah’s underwear in the same manner Sarah had when the situation was reversed several months prior.

Sarah yelped in surprise at the blow and turned around with a shocked look on her face, both hands behind her back covering her bottom. Her face softened after a moment, then she said, “So much for keeping that a secret.”

“I’m sorry, I couldn’t help myself… So is this just a fashion statement or...?”

Sarah chuckled. “No. I’ve had two nighttime accidents…” she paused, “Bleh. That statement made me feel like I was five. Let me try that again.” She assumed a scholarly tone as she said “There have been two incidences of nocturnal incontinence since symptoms revealed themselves. Protection seemed to be the best short-term course of treatment.” Sarah somehow managed to keep a straight face through her explanation, but Emma was laughing by the end of the first sentence. “But yeah, I didn't want to wet the bed again tonight, and I knew I wanted to wear these to bed, so I figured why pull out a fresh pair of panties?"

“Well, I’m glad you seem pretty positive about it.”

“Yeah. Actually, it’s kind of nice having you know. When I was in goodnites, I was always hiding them. It’s surreal to have you be so matter-of-fact about the whole thing.”

“Sarah, you know I’m there for you no matter what, and I only tease you in fun, never to be mean, just the same as you do for me.”

“Thanks, Em.” Sarah leaned in to hug Emma, and Emma returned the hug. After a moment, they broke the hug and Sarah said, “Okay, drama hour is over. Let’s start working on this popcorn.”

The girls sat down to eat their popcorn and watch an episode of their latest show. Afterwards, they bade each other goodnight as they walked to their respective rooms and went to sleep.

###

End of Part 1

###

Thanks for reading! I hope to have part two up after the weekend, but I'll keep you guys in the loop if that changes.

