Madison Paige: Wet Adventure

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-08-24 03:03

Beginning Note: Finally, I’m done with Ada’s story, now I can move on to other projects. I promised a sequel to continue Maddie’s journey, and here it is. It’ll mostly be centered around her but Ethan will be an important character, just not the main protagonist. That’s why a lot of timeskips will occur. In addition, I’ll be adding some changes from the main game (such as how quick Ethan and Maddie fall in love, that was way too soon imo). Still, massive spoilers abound so for anyone who hasn’t, I highly recommend you play it yourself or watch a Let’s Play or Walkthrough of Heavy Rain (for the Golden Ending, I’d recommend Berleezy or Kubz Scouts. For a more neutral/realistic watch Jazzyguns) to understand it more, and just because it’s a hell of a fun game. Also warning, very dark themes and harcore violence. Nothing too crazy happens to Madison but the threat is definitely implied. Other than that, I hope you enjoy!

‘That’s it. After that embarrassment I’m definitely sleeping in a motel.’ Madison Paige thought to herself as she removed her helmet and stepped off her motorbike. She was clad in a purple jacket, green t-shirt, blue jeans,with purple bra and panties underneath. In addition, she had a briefcase filled with an assortment of outfits, such as red and green button downs with business skirts to match, and her favorite white tank top and panties. She had brought a lacy black bra and panties as well but those were for more risque undercover situations.

‘I can’t focus on helping Ethan Mars or writing my paper if I’m dealing with insomnia or having nightmares.’ Speaking of, the photojournalist in question was still shocked at who her subject was. She mentally reviewed the facts as she signed in to receive her room and key. ‘I still have trouble believing Ethan Mars is not only the man of my fantasies, but the same one who is also accused of being the Origami Killer. That doesn’t make sense though, he already lost his first son Jason, why would he murder his other? Shawn is probably the only one keeping him alive at this point.

His story is shaky but Ethan is clearly dealing with trauma so of course it is. His point of view isn’t exactly reliable. I’ll get to the bottom of this.’ As if on cue, while she was heading to her room the man himself was leaning against a railway in obvious discomfort. His five-o'clock shadow, messy hair, and black leather jacket would have made him appear quite handsome in different circumstances but all she could see was a man who needed help.

“Sir, do you need help?” Madison asked as she approached him. Ethan looked at her with dull eyes of unhappiness, almost mirroring her own. “I should call an ambulance.”

“No ambulance…” Ethan replied with a pained groan. “But you need a doctor.”

“Maybe, but I can’t see one right now. Just help me to my room, it’s 201.”

“Alright then.” She helped prop him up, let him unlock the door, then he laid down. “You should really see a doctor, but since you refuse I’ll have to patch you up myself. Just lie down while I go check the medicine cabinet.” She rummaged through, finding disinfectant wipes and painkillers. “This might sting a little, or a lot.”

“Can’t be worse than my two broken ribs.” Ethan humorlessly breathed out. As she predicted, Ethan did wince in discomfort but otherwise sat through with no problem. Then she handed him a painkiller. He took it wordlessly, along with the bottle to down two more.

“You’re supposed to only take one every twenty four hours, stop it.”

“Can’t wait, need to speed up the process.”

“Do you need anything else?” Madison asked tentatively. Instead of answering, Ethan just stood up and started walking to the bathroom with a blank expression on his face. ‘He must be really out of it.’ she thought to herself in concern. Especially when he tripped. “Shit, are you alright?” she questioned as she helped him to his feet. “Not particularly, but I got lucky there. Thanks.”

“No problem. I’ll be outside if you need anything.”

“Thanks again. Just keep talking to me. I’m so woozy, you can keep me company to prevent me from falling on my ass.” Ethan explained as he got in the bathroom. In his exhaustion he accidentally left the door slightly open. “So, what’s your name?”

“Madison.” she replied as she went through a box. It had origami figures of many animals. ‘So he’s definitely involved. Poor man, poor kid.’ “And what do you do Madison, besides rescue down and about guys?”

“Photographer.” she answered simply.

‘It technically is the truth.’ Madison thought to herself. She then heard Ethan moan. She was about to walk up to him and ask if he was alright, but then saw him through the adjacent door. He was holding his cock to aim and piss in the shower drain. She took note of his size, which was impressive considering it was limp at the moment. The stream was also impressive, lasting almost a whole minute. She backed away as she blushed immensely. ‘What the hell is wrong with me?! Accidentally peeking is fine, but I stared way longer than necessary. I wouldn’t like it if he watched me pee in the shower, well actually I kind of owe him now if he ever finds out. Which he won’t, he can’t find out about this.’ “Madison, is everything alright? You looked troubled.”

“Not as troubled as you are.” she replied with a wry grin. Suddenly she frowned. “Shit, that sounded insensitive. I’m sorry.”

“It’s fine, I know what you mean. You’re technically right. “Madison, I appreciate everything you’ve done but I need to do this on my own.”

“Alright. Didn’t catch your name by the way.”

“Ethan.”

“Well then Ethan, take care.” Madison bid farewell with a wave, knowing full well she’d be visiting him again. Case in point, later that night the young photojournalist ended up patching his wounds again, this time much more severe. His forearms were covered in cuts and his right pectoral had nasty burns. Again, once he had regained unconsciousness he thanked her but also insisted she did not get involved. ‘He’s going to get more suspicious. I have to tell him everything in our next run in.’ That’s when things really got interesting. The next morning he had followed Ethan’s car to an abandoned apartment. Unfortunately, so had a bunch of cops, the police cars were surrounding the old building.

‘They won’t question me, I can get in and warn him!’ As she predicted, she walked in without any trouble whatsoever, and was able to quickly relocate Ethan. Things weren’t out of the clear however, Ethan was lying down on the floor, hissing and clearly in a lot of pain. “Ethan, what the hell happened to you?!” the photojournalist questioned in concern. She looked to the side, and saw the large and bloody cleaver knife, then at the bandaged stump that once was Ethan’s left pinky. “Oh no...it’s fine, you already handled it. There’s cops outside, I think they’re here to arrest you, we need to leave now!” Ethan still didn’t respond. “Ethan, if they arrest you, your son will be in much more danger, now get a move on!” she ordered.

“Maddie? What are you doing here? What was that about my son?”

“I’ll explain everything, but right now we need to get the fuck out of here.” Finally being able to pick himself back up they quickly hopped out the window. Ethan was able to more or less handle himself during most of the escape but once they reached the subway station he completely froze. ‘What the hell is going on with him? I know he’s hurt but he was doing just fine before, he was sprinting and now he can barely walk! The trauma and stress must be getting to him, you need to help him Mad!’ she thought to herself. Little did she know it was actually the crowds that had caused Ethan to freeze up, bringing back painful memories of Jason’s death at the mall. She helped him and they pushed through the crowded escalator, much to their ire.

‘They’re closing in on all sides, but the tracks! If we can cross them, we’ll be reaching the home stretch!’ She helped him get down and just when they were halfway there, she heard the horrible sound of the train speeding up. “Hurry Ethan!” she ushered as she helped shove him forward, then climbed up after him. Right as she did the train immediately zoomed by, blasting cold air as it sped off. The close brush with death had been enough to cause little droplets of urine to leak out of Madison, shocking her. However that wasn’t nearly as important as helping Ethan, the dangerous part was over but they needed to catch a train. Thankfully they reached it, Ethan was coherent enough to help Madison on first and jump in afterwards. Finally they reached their motel with no commotion. She told Ethan to stay put so she could get groceries.

“Is there anything you prefer?”

“Chinese or spaghetti are my favorites but as of right now anything will do.”

“Alright, take care.” First she made sure to change her purple panties, switching to the white ones instead. ‘It’s not much but that’s still embarrassing. I didn’t even have to go. Still, not as bad as the bedwetting from earlier. I hope something like that never happens again!’ Unfortunately for her that would happen again all too soon. Afterwards, she went to a nearby grocery store to buy the food, then returned to Ethan’s room. He was watching the news, which had officially labeled him as the Origami Killer. She knew it wasn’t true, and it hurt to watch him being slandered like that. Now it was time to get down the business.

“I bought orange chicken and some vegetables. We can talk while we eat.” Ethan nodded, then snapped off the TV. They both cooked the meal, and it was delicious. Madison sighed, knowing it was time to explain herself. Hopefully Ethan would take it well, and provide his own insight. “Ethan, as you may have noticed, I’ve been paying more attention to you than I really should.”

“I’ll say, patching me up, following me, just what’s going on?” Ethan demanded. “I’ll explain everything, but you need to promise you’ll hear everything I have to say before you ask whatever questions you have.”

“I suppose that’s fair, spill.”

“I wasn’t lying when I said I was a photojournalist. I specifically took on the Origami Killer case and did my research on the victims. Out of all them, you seemed the best bet since you already had lost a kid. I feel for some reason, that enticed this killer, so I had to check. Seeing you injured answered a lot of my questions, I know you’re going to save your son, or die trying. You certainly have what it takes. However,some people were betting you were the killer. They think since you’re so out of it with grief, you went mad and started a killing spree. Your ex wife Tiffany told the police about you having visions.” She personally thought that was a bit of a low blow. Yes, Ethan blacked out and had visions, but surely his own wife could tell he loved Shaun more than life itself. Apparently she had lost faith in that love after Jason died, probably blaming him.

“I think she’s right. I do have visions of children drowning and holding origami figures in my hands. My theory is I am the Origami Killer, or part me anyway. Whenever I have these blackouts, that’s my other self coming in place and committing these atrocities.”

“What? That doesn’t even make sense. The timeline of your visions and the killings don’t add up. You just had them recently, the Origami Killer’s been doing this for a long time.”

“How the hell do you even know about my visions?! Oh, right, it’s because you’ve been stalking me all this time just to write a damn article about me. Hope it was fucking worth it!”

“I do want to publish that article. However there are many others, this town is crime ridden after all. My main concern as of right now is just helping you, your son, and catching this sick bastard. Do you think it’s possible you can let me help you?”

“Fine, you’ve done me a great service so far. Still, you seem very confident I’m not the killer, how do you know I’m not some schizophrenic?”

“That’s just not how it works. If you really blacked out, you would be brutalizing these poor children. Instead they’re methodically killed through drowning, and the trials are cleverly set up. Someone else is behind this. I don’t know why you’re having these visions but they’re nothing but distractions and red herrings. Just focus on helping yourself and save your son.”

“Alright Madison. Thanks for everything. Where are you going?”

“New article. Photojournalist, remember?” Madison replied with a smirk. Ethan had his own as he shook his head in amusement. He was still in anguish due to Shawn’s disappearance and his missing finger, among his other injuries but he still felt a huge weight being lifted off his back after Madison had thoroughly explained there was no possible way he could be the Origami Killer. Meanwhile the photojournalist was currently on the phone with her buddy Sam.

“Mad? It’s Sam, I got your information. The owner of that apartment you were wondering about is Doctor Adrian Baker. He’s a struck off surgeon who was caught selling drugs to junkies. He used the cash he earned to buy some cheap ass apartments, including the one on marble street. Once he was caught he served some time in prison and was struck off the medical register.”

“Interesting, thanks Sam.”

“Madison, be careful. Adrian Baker could be like that sick fuck Leland. I don’t want you going through something like that ever again.”

“It’s okay Sam, I got a gun, remember? Besides, I can’t die yet. Ethan still needs my help.”

“Right, I just saw your fugitive boyfriend on the news. Good luck Mad.”

“He’s not-! Whatever, I’m hanging up.” She could hear her friend laughing. Jokes aside he supported her through and through, and she would forever be thankful for him.

‘So this is where the owner of the apartment lives. It’s not much of a lead but it’s all I got.’ she thought to herself as she rang the doorbell. An old man in a green Hawaiian shirt and khakis answered the door. “Hi, I was told you could sell Betropin without a prescription. I have money so payment isn’t an issue.” The old man raised his eyebrows, she could tell his interest had been piqued. “Of course, come on in.” he gestured. She stepped inside his house, which had been neatly furnished. “So you have trouble sleeping my dear? How much do you need?”

“Three or four boxes will do.”

“Well now, that shouldn’t be any problem. Would you like a drink? I was about to have one myself.” Adrian Baker offered as he gestured to the scotch bottle.

“No thanks.” Madison replied uneasily. Sam’s words returned to her, and knowing both the knowledge and medicine Baker had access to he could easily Pill Cosby her. Still, he ushered her to sit down and poured them both glasses. She took careful notice that his alcohol came from a different bottle, further increasing her suspicions. “So, how did you hear about me?”

“I was at a party and a guy popped some Betropin. I asked him where he got it, and that led me to you.”

“Interesting.”

“He also told me you had some apartments?” the young photojournalist questioned. Baker took a long drink, his face looking troubled. “Sorry my dear, they’re all booked. Why aren’t you drinking?”

“I’m not thirsty.”

“Well, I’ll be sure to get your Betropin. Make sure to sit tight.”

Once the old man was out of sight, Madison rummaged through, searching for any evidence or clues that could point her in the right direction. Anything to avoid dealing with the creepy bastard any longer. First she came across a drawer filled to the brim with all kinds of medicine. He must have stolen what he could once he was fired from ever being a doctor. She first headed to a bedroom and found a card. It was an advertisement for the Blue Lagoon, a nightclub. Her next area to explore was the bathroom.. It was highly unlikely to have anything significant but the young photojournalist knew to never leave a stone untouched. As she expected, nothing was of any use, however her bladder started to pang with the need to release.

‘What, now?!’ Madison thought in agitation. Then she remembered all the water she drank over dinner due to the orange chicken being a tad spicier than she had anticipated. All the liquid was sloshing around, making her want to go right then and there. She didn’t have the opportunity to do so however, courtesy of the sharp syringe needle piercing her neck. She was out like a light. Soon she began to slowly come to. She had a bit of a headache, and her body felt a little chilly. ‘Is it the drug that’s causing me to feel this way? That old bastard’s gonna pay!’ she thought to herself. Unfortunately when she woke up, the truth was much worse. The reason she was dizzy and chilly was because she was naked and hanging upside down, with her legs tied separately and spread apart. In addition her arms hung loose, but her wrists were tied together. She looked like the letter ‘Y’, but in a much more perverse fashion.

“Finally awake, Sleeping Beauty? I hope you like my arrangements.” Adrian Baker greeted with a perverted grin, now dressed in doctor garb. “You sick fuck, what the hell are you doing?!” she shrieked in outrage. “You know too much about my apartments on Marble Street. Unfortunately my clients are less savory than you are. My friend Paco rents one. I’ve no idea what he does there, maybe fornicate with the dancers from the Blue Lagoon. As long as he pays rent, I’m satisfied. Besides, the fun we’re about to have will certainly surpass his, don’t you agree?” Madison could do nothing but shriek for help, unfortunately no-one seemed to be nearby. “You’re probably wondering why I’m doing this.” he continued, without a care in the world. Her bladder was starting to ache in anticipation but Madison didn’t want to give the lunatic the pleasure of being humiliated. Still, she couldn’t deny how good it would feel to let loose.

“I miss doing surgeries. Those years in prison were the worst. I suppose if I really wanted, I could have shanked many of the other loser convicts, but then I would never be released. With a little patience I got back to doing what I love. In fact, I could argue this is so much better, it’s much riskier and takes more planning, but now I can go all out instead of doing it half-assed. Well, what do you think? Shall we get started?” he chuckled as he held a scalpel. It gleamed in the dark rook, as he slowly and forbiddingly strode to her. ‘My hands are still somewhat free, maybe I can hit or disarm him somehow. However she didn’t even get the chance to react when she suddenly felt cool metal on her labia. ‘He’s going to cut me there?!’ she thought in terror.

All of a sudden hot urine poured out of her. It first shot out in a rather impressive upwards arc, especially given the angle she was in. Madison could feel the hot pissing pouring down her ass cheeks, back, and neck, then feeling some pool into her belly button, down the contours of her abs, in between her breasts, and some spurts escaped into her mouth. She gagged and gasped at the taste. It was relatively clear and mild thanks to all the water she drank, but still slightly acrid and overall something she did not want to experience. The rest of the wetting would have been nice, had it not been for the fact that she had been forcibly captured, violated, and was about to die a torturous and undignified death.

“Well, that was certainly interesting. Such a show.” Adrian Baker replied, appearing taken back, but also intrigued. Suddenly the doorbell rang. “Why is it that whenever I start to do some housework I’m interrupted? Dear, I’m going to take care of this uninvited guest, try not to wet yourself until I come back.” he taunted as he stepped out of view. “Better not be one of those government spies pretending to be part of the census.” the disgusting old man muttered to himself. Madison was grateful for the distraction.

The idiot had left his scalpel well within her reach. She swung back and forth a little, managing to reach it. First, she shimmied it between the ropes binding her wrists until they were sawed off. Then she cut off the ropes binding her ankles with relative ease. Unfortunately she fell ass-first into the puddle of her own urine gathered beneath her, her shapely bottom creating a splash and further soaking her body in piss but she didn’t care, freedom was hers at last. In addition to leaving the scalpel in reach, her clothes and purse gathered. She resisted the urge to dress herself and instead reached for the purse. The young photojournalist unzipped it and reached for her Beretta Tomcat. It was a small, cute compact pistol chambered in 0.32 ACP, kind of a stereotypical gun for women shooters such as herself, but it would certainly do just fine.

“And I’m back my dear, shall we resume our activities?” His voice sounded from the stairs. Judging from his words, tone, and how far away he sounded he clearly was unaware that his ‘patient’ had just escaped. Madison quickly stood up and held her handgun, taking a couple of breaths to steady her aim. “Oh no.” he muttered when he saw the cut ropes. “Oh yes. Over here old man.” she shot back. He turned to her and in good old fashioned irony, pissed himself in fear just as she had done earlier. The khakis adorning his legs were now positively soaked and a piss puddle of his own gathered at his feet. He shook in well deserved anxiety. Sure she was naked and covered head to toe in her own piss, but the young photojournalist felt almost invincible now that her tormentor was suffering the same fate she had earlier.

With a smirk, she pulled the trigger twice, effectively kneecapping the sick and twisted doctor. He howled in pain and sank to the floor. His previously missing survival instincts suddenly kicked in and he crawled away, maybe to grab another surgical tool or try to crawl up the stairs, but it was pointless. Madison rushed to him, flipped him over, and stomped on his crotch. He screamed and tears pricked his eyes. Finally, she held her Beretta Tomcat one-handed and aimed towards his crotch, pulling the trigger. One final horrid shriek came out of him and she placed a bullet in his head. The young photojournalist was shaking. Why had she gone so far? Sure the rapey doctor was going to kill her horrifically but did she have to return the favor?

It didn’t matter, what was done was done. In Pulp Fiction Marcellus Wallace and Butch Coolidge had done worse to their tormentor Zed, she would refuse to torture herself over it. Well, if only it was that easy. Just like Leland White, the guilt would never truly go away. First things first, take a shower and get dressed. Then, head to the police station and report what happened. She could technically just walk out, after all Adrian Baker could never hurt anyone again. Still, it was the right thing to do. Much later she had finally arrived and told them the whole, tiring, ugly story. She was exhausted and just wanted to sleep in her nice motel room, maybe cuddle with Ethan in his.

“So, just to recap.” Captain Perry began as he stared at Madison Paige in disbelief. “You went to Adrian Baker’s for a lead and he ended up drugging you.”

“Correct.”

“Then he stripped you, tied you up and was going to perform surgery on you, but you pissed yourself and someone rang the doorbell.” Madison blushed and groaned but the police captain continued. “In typical Bond villain fashion his scalpel, along with your clothes and purse were left well within your reach, so you escaped and brutally killed him, then showered, dressed, and came to us?”

“Yes, that’s exactly what happened. The details are disgusting but I still explain them so the cleanup crew isn’t confused about why the floors have urine or why Baker’s corpse is in such rough shape.”

“And I thank you for it. This case is a mess as it is, you did your part and we’ll do ours. Go wait in the meantime. Once the cleanup crew returns and your story checks out, you can leave. Meanwhile an older, large man in a tan coat and slacks, accompanied by a lady wearing a black button down and jeans, was explaining his own story to the police. “I’m telling you, we had nothing to do with Manfred’s death! He was helping us out, disappeared, then me and Lauren here discovered the poor man dead. It was awful. The Origami Killer is smart, too smart. He’s the one who called and made his escape to frame us. Kramer bastards…” he growled.

“Didn’t you say Gordi Kramer confessed to being the Origami Killer?” his interrogator questioned. “It sounded pretty sarcastic, but Gordi’s fucked in the head and he has the means and money to do it. His daddy Charles is smart and has enough connections to protect him as well. I bet he’s the one who killed Manfred and set us up.”

“Maybe, Scott Shelby, maybe. Still, that doesn’t answer why you tried to erase your tracks.”

“I’m telling you Ash, I didn’t want to spend an hour proclaiming our innocence when we’re wasting daylight out here!”

“Fine Mr. Shelby. Still, PI or not, try not to leave town unless it’s an emergency and if you come in contact with any dead bodies please do tell.”

“Alright.” Scott Shelby conceded as the two shook hands.

“You two were at a crime scene as well?” Madison questioned. She was pretending to build rapport but was secretly trying to test these two out to see if they had any information. “Yeah, my good friend was killed and the bastard tried to frame us. You?”

“Some pervert doc drugged me and I killed him.”

“Interesting!” Scott replied with a chuckle. “Sorry, that was inappropriate. Still, seeing all these deaths are starting to grow numb on me. I can’t believe I’m getting used to this, what a shitty town.”

“I’ll say. Madison Paige.” she greeted and shook hands with Lauren. “I’m Lauren, and this is Scott Shelby. He’s a private investigator and I’m his partner.”

“Not anymore Lauren. It’s gotten too dangerous.” Scott sadly explained as he put a hand on Lauren’s shoulder.

“What? After what he did to my son you’re dismissing me?”

“I’m sorry, but it’s the only way.” Before the two could argue anymore, one of the police officers that had been previously tailing her and Ethan strolled in and immediately honed in on Madison Paige. “You!” he fumed, stomping towards her. “What the hell were you thinking, girl?! Aiding a wanted fugitive, do you have any idea what you’ve done? The man’s killed so many children and is about to do the same to his own son!”

“Ethan Mars is innocent!” Madison yelled back. “The Origami Killer is forcing him to do all these dangerous trials, he’s been battered, burnt, and slashed to hell. I bandaged him up every time except for the most recent one, when he amputated his own finger! And then you show up, ready to arrest him. I couldn’t let that happen.” Scott decided to intervene.

“Carter Blake, is that you?”

“Scottie! My buddy, how’s it been?” Carter suddenly lit up in excitement, a far cry from his previous expression. “I’d love to catch up, but I have to deal with this woman who abetted the Origami Killer. Right as we corner Ethan Mars, she swoops in and helps him escape.” Scott shook his head. “Lauren, head to my apartment. Blake, let’s talk somewhere else, I think there’s been a bit of a misunderstanding. I don’t know who this Ethan Mars fellow is, but I can assure you he is not the killer.”

“Fine. We can use my asswipe of a partner’s office. Don’t know where he is, Mr. FBI Norman’s usually all about teamwork and punctuality. Maybe he finally pulled that stick out of his ass.” Blake amusedly theorized. In all actuality Norman Jayden was fighting for his life but he would be back eventually.

“You never change, do you? Let’s go Carter.” Scott suggested. Thankfully Scott Shelby managed to explain that in no uncertain terms was Ethan Mars the killer and pointed them in the direction of the Kramers. Carter Blake promised that he and Captain Perry would explain to Grace Mars and later air the news that Ethan was innocent. Madison was certainly grateful, but she couldn’t help but feel something was amiss. From the way Scott Shelby explained the Kramers, Gordi was too much of an idiot to conduct the trials in such a complex way, and Charles didn’t seem to have the hardness to kill someone, especially in the brutal manner that Manfred suffered.

Still, she made sure to offer her thanks. She wanted to tell Ethan the good news, but he wasn’t in his room. Instead she decided to head to the Blue Lagoon to further her investigation. The photojournalist remembered that Adrian Baker stated that Paco Mendez rented the apartments, probably to fuck his dancers. Studying the way Paco stared at the girls dancing, his type was clearly a “dumb type of sexy”, as in a attractive girls with no subtelty to their clothing or dancing. Drinking hard liquor and snorting blow was probably a bonus. Madison stayed away from recreational drugs, but she was no stranger to alcohol. She drank a fair amount of Chardonnay to get fairly tipsy. Then she undid the top buttons of her red shirt to show some cleavage, and finally got on stage to dance. Sure enough, one of Paco’s workers walked up to her.

“Excuse me miss, but the boss man wants to see you.”

“Sure thing.” she replied as she got down. As she did, the young photojournalist winced as her bladder tingled once more, all too soon. ‘I suppose that’s what happens after drinking so much, I need to hurry this up.’ However, a different idea occurred to her. ‘Actually, why not just let loose? If Paco wants a show I’ll make sure to make it unforgettable.’ Normally such a thought wouldn’t cross her mind, but due to the alcohol a naughty grin spread across Madison’s face to accompany her naughty mind. “Paco is it? I’m Madison.”

“Madison, thanks for accepting my invitation. You new around here honey? Think I would’ve noticed you before. Especially the way you move, making me all hot underneath the collar.”

“Maybe we can continue this conversation somewhere more private?” the photojournalist suggested. As expected, Paco accepted without a second thought. “Sure thing baby, come to my office!” She followed him up the stairs, her need to urinate increasing with each step. By the time they reached his office she was shaking like a leaf.

“Are you well? Don’t tell me you’re not up for it.” Paco questioned with disappointment. “Quite the opposite actually.” Madison replied as she lowered her hand to caress her lower lips. Again, normally she would refrain from such behavior but the alcohol told her it was necessary to prevent bursting prematurely and it would help sell her statement. “I’m feeling so pent up.” Paco widened his eyes and almost started drooling. ‘Pervert, just you wait.’ she thought bitterly. Soon he took her purse, leaving her Beretta Tomcat out of reach. That was alright, the seductive woman had more weapons than just her gun. “Now, take it off. Slowly…” he ordered as he turned on what sounded like music accentuated with pornographic moans.

She complied with a sly smile, unbuttoning her shirt and shrugging it off all the way, leaving her in her black bra. Then she undid her skirt, showing off her black lacy panties. Madison proceeded to strut to him, her scantily clad hips shaking in a sultry manner. A couple drops leaked in anticipation but she did not care, there would be far more than measly drops to come. She proceeded to sit in his lap, and grind her core against his groin. She felt a pitifully small hard on poke through, letting her know the time was now.

“You sure know how to please a man, Sweet Cheeks.”

“I think I have something you’re gonna like. Are you ready for it?”

“Go for it!” She stood back, thrust her hips forwards, then proceeded to willingly wet herself. A wet spot spread to the front of her panties, completely soaking the crotch and back, and rivers of urine poured down her long legs. She moaned in satisfaction while Paco stared in horror. “Crazy bitch! What do you think you’re doing?! You must be drunk off your ass, dumb slut!” he cried in anguish. While he was too busy crying over the puddle of urine that had gathered on his floor, Madison reached for a lamp and swung it as hard as she could, effectively knocking him out. ‘Nice one, you go girl!” she thought to herself.

First order of business: ready Paco for interrogation. The photojournalist duct-taped Paco’s wrists and ankles to the armrests and chair legs. Not very strong but Paco was too nonathletic and stupid to successfully escape. Once she was satisfied, she removed her soaked panties and used some tissue to wipe her genitals and legs dry, then switched to her purple panties. She always preferred them anyway. Maybe the soaked could be a parting gift to the imbecile she was about to interrogate. Finally she re-adorned her red button down and skirt. Now, the only thing left was to wake Paco up and get her information.

Couple of Hours Later

Finally, Madison got to the truth, as she expected, the guy Paco shared an apartment with, aka the Origami Killer, was not either of the Kramers, but rather someone masquerading as John Shepard. Problem with that however, as she would soon find out, was that John Shepard was a kid who had died. That just made things more confusing than ever and created further mysteries to solve. Still, she would get to the bottom of this, right now she needed to go back to the motel room and tell Ethan everything she knew. Funnily enough, on the way to the exit she accidentally ran into the police officer, or rather FBI agent that had been pursuing her and Ethan. In addition he was the one Carter Blake had mentioned earlier. She decided to approach him.

“You’re Agent Jayden, correct?”

“Yeah, that’s me.” he replied in a thick Boston accent. “Don’t worry, I’m not pursuing you or Mars anymore, and neither is my partner.”

“Thank you.”

“No problem at all. I knew Mars was innocent. Is that all you came to talk to me about?”

“No, I just wanted to let you know, the Origami Killer goes by John Shepard.” Norman Jayden immediately whipped out a pair of sunglasses and a glove, then appeared to be going through invisible files. He proceeded to put the shades back in his jacket pocket. “That can’t be. John Shepard is a dead kid.”

“What?”

“Ms. Paige, not that I’m doubting your journalism but please let me talk to Paco and do my job.” Madison rubbed the back of her head sheepishly.

“Maybe it’s an alias?”

“Probably. Thanks for the help but I still need to do this on my own. My superior is fond of me, but even he wouldn’t like the idea of needing help from a civilian.”

“I understand.” she replied as she stepped aside. Norman nodded and proceeded to go to Paco’s office. Unbeknownst to both of them, the Origami Killer had already snuck in and killed Paco, then took off. He certainly wasn’t in the clear however. On the contrary, he actually made their job easier for them a while back, but that won’t be brought up until later. Meanwhile Madison had returned to the motel. First she went to her room to go change into her regular outfit (purple jacket and jeans), then headed to Ethan’s. Madison knocked on the door, and Ethan opened up. He didn’t look injured at all, but his eyes were bloodshot and watery, as if he had been crying.

“Ethan, what’s the matter? Is Shaun still alright?”

“He’s alive, although I wouldn’t count that as alright. Today’s been rough, that's all.” She believed him, but she could tell Ethan wasn’t telling her the whole story. Madison didn’t care about it at the moment, it could wait. “You don’t need to worry about the police anymore. I was able to talk to the FBI agent and police officer that were pursuing us earlier. Some private investigator showed up and helped sort things out. We’re actually almost close to cracking the case.”

“Seriously? Thank you.” Ethan replied with a sigh of relief. “Ethan, what’s going on, you’re acting even stranger than usual. No offense.”

“None taken.” Ethan replied with a small smile. It turned into a sad grimace as the man began to recount previous events. “I almost did something terrible. My latest trial was to kill a man. I almost did it too. The guy was a drug dealer who chased me around the house with a shotgun, however when he ran out of ammo he showed me a photo of his daughters. The room was clearly a young girl’s as well so he wasn’t lying.” Madison did nothing but rub his shoulders as a comfort. Ethan continued. “I was so close to pulling the trigger, but I just couldn’t. Maybe under different circumstances I could have, but in that instance I couldn’t help but think about how I’d be leaving two girls without a father. How could I show mercy to a crazy man when my son could have used that information?!” With that, Ethan almost broke into tears.

“Ethan, stop it. You’re clearly a good man who refused to stoop to the killer’s game. I know you would do anything to save Shawn, I’m sure you still can. Like I said, now that we know you’re innocent, combined with the intelligence of an FBI agent, a police officer, and a private investigator, we’re so close to solving the case. You might even be able to help them more if you talk about the trials. We’re going to save Shawn.” Madison confirmed. The two stayed huddled together. The close proximity and emotional moment, along with harbored affection, led her to leaning in, kissing Ethan. He kissed back, and the two cupped each other’s cheeks. Eventually Ethan pulled back. Madison almost felt embarrassed. He must have recognized it because he shook his head and quickly explained himself.

“No Maddie, I’m glad. It’s just...saving Shawn is all that matters right now. Once we get him back and he’s safe and sound, we can be together.”

“Thanks, I don’t know what came over me.” she admitted. “It’s alright. This whole week has been a fucking mess, I’m just thankful something good happened for once. I’m gonna sleep, then we can head over to the police.”

“I could use a nap too.” Madison admitted. She stood up and walked to exit but almost tripped. Ethan remembered how she suffered from insomnia and only motels could. “Just sleep here. Don’t strain yourself.” he advised as he picked her up and set her down on the bed. “Ethan Mars, getting a lady into bed right after kissing.” Madison sleepily giggled as she dozed off. He soon joined her, the two cuddled snuggedly.

One Year Later

Ethan, Madison, and Shawn arrived at the New York Condominium. It was barren due to the newly formed family just moving into it. However, the constant sunlight and overall homey design was more than enough to let them all know that it would be nice. Shawn was especially ecstatic, as he had made a recovery from the traumatizing kidnapping. Ethan, Madison, Norman, and Carter had gathered around the next day after that fateful night, and after serious consideration, all came to the conclusion that Scott Shelby was the Origami Killer. He had been playing them the entire time, however they were able to turn the tables and ambush him in his junkyard. Ethan and Madison focused on saving Shawn, while Norman and Carter focused on attempting to apprehend Scott. Scott Shelby attempted to trick the two into grisly deaths via trash compactor but it ultimately backfired and ended up being his undoing.

Once Shawn was in a hospital and confirmed to be alright, the four went through tedious hours of explaining the information. Madison went on to publish her article as planned, but declined a spot on the talk show to avoid spilling personal information about Ethan and Shawn. Norman Jayden and Carter Blake were chosen to fill her place, which they accepted gracefully. Ethan and Shawn received counseling from the horrible ordeal and managed to pull through. Meanwhile Madison continued to see him and the two became a romantic couple. Eventually they became married, and Ethan received a promotion which led them to their current situation. Grace agreed that Shawn could visit every summer and holiday, which the two were grateful for.

“This place is perfect! How’d you manage to pull the strings on this one? I’m the one with a promotion!” Madison exclaimed. She was wearing a black tank top and jeans, along with a beaming grin. Ethan was clad in a blue short sleeved button down and jeans, and he too looked happy, truly happy as they all deserved. “My friend from here, Lucas Kane. He’s very vague about the whole thing, but he’s got the connections. He claims to have been through something similar. Being a misunderstood criminal on the run and whatnot. One of his pursuers is actually his wife now.” Madison couldn’t help but laugh at that one. “I don’t know about Carter, but I suppose if it weren’t for me, Jayden might have swooped you away.” Ethan shook his head in amusement.

“Well, what do you think guys?”

“It’s perfect Dad!” Shawn exclaimed. “I agree with the big man here.” Madison teased, playfully ruffling Shawn’s hair. She clearly didn’t know him nearly as well as Ethan and Grace of course, but she still grew to love him as her own kid. She especially beamed at how happy Shawn was, glad that they were from that madness. While Shawn was running around, Madison took the opportunity to talk to Ethan. “I know things aren’t all rainbows and sunshine.”

“Clearly, Brooklyn is infamous for snow.” her husband replied with a cheeky grin.

“That’s not really what I meant, but it’s nice to know your humor returned.” she shot back. “I know Maddie. We still have occasional nightmares and all, Shawn included, but we’ll be good parents and pull through. They won’t ever truly disappear, but neither will our happiness or safety. We’ll be prepared this time, for anything.” Madison leaned in and whispered. “Speaking of preparation, I’m feeling twitchy.” Ethan raised his eyes at this one, knowing that was their code for urination. “What’s the scale?”

“Only a three now, but it’ll be a nine by nightfall. How about we make water, then make love once Shawn’s asleep?”

“I like the sound of that.” Ethan whispered. The two kissed, until Shawn playfully bumped into them. Father and son began a game of tag, and when they were done Madison joined in for a group hug. Yes, life was well.

Ending note: Alright, first things first: I’m aware this is 80% plot and 20% wetting. It wasn’t originally going to be like that, but the more I thought about it the more I realized if I had just gone with my first plan it would have just been “Here’s wetting one, here’s wetting two”. I added some substance to kind of branch it out but my imagination overcame me and I really got caught up in it (ironically enough, the police station and the ending were my favorite parts whereas I kind of breezed through the wettings).

In addition, while I certainly want my stories here to be titillating, I also want there to be actual plot as well, you get me? In addition, I technically set up a sequel hook in my previous Madison pic so I had to follow through. Speaking of sequel hooks, the Heavy Rain wiki believes that Ethan’s implying Lucas Kane gave him the condo so I did throw that in there for fun, however it’s actually a prequel hook for my next and most ambitious project: a Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy omorashi fic. Rest assured, while it will definitely be story centered, it will definitely have more wettings than this one. It’ll actually have a lot of sex as well so I’m really excited for this one, and hope anyone reading will as well. Take care.

*003*2021-08-25 17:23

{{10 hours ago, Phosphorus said:

Would you ever do a Madison story involving hypnosis? Like I know this would be wildly off-script with Heavy Rain, but imagine a scenario where her, Lauren, and Grace end up as volunteers in some hypnotism show. And after the hypnotist puts them into trance and plays around with a few typical suggestions (e.g. forget key names or numbers, turn into a chicken), she decides to take things up a notch with some desperation-themed suggestions.

Where she makes each lady experience a fantasy scenario that puts them at risk of a very public wetting. Like say for example Madison believes she's in a TV interview, and every time she hears certain words her urge to pee increases. And the hypnotist just acts playfully teasing throughout the whole thing, asking her subjects why they look so uncomfortable.

}}

Sorry but I can't. I'm pretty much finished with Heavy Rain, unless I do a bonus chapter where Madison and Ethan continue where they left off. Your idea is pretty interesting but it's just not my style. Even if I wanted to I don't think I can pull it off, I'm a pretty amateur writer when it comes to omorashi fics.

