A Couple's Wet Commute Home

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2024-05-26 13:26

My 15th writing that I'm doing very late at night ...I have a very early flight for a short vacation that I don't wanna be tired for, so here I am getting less sleep the night before so I can fall asleep earlier tomorrow night lol. Apologies for the messy grammar that may appear more frequently as the story goes on. In this one, Mali is with Yuta visiting family far from home, and...yeah the title is pretty self explanatory. Enjoy!

_______

Mali [F] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past few years; loves self-induced wettings and wettings caused by Yuta pulling the strings.

Yuta [M] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; loves to help in decision-making.

_______

Of all days, why did we pick this one?

It was an late Spring afternoon in a rented patio with considerable heat. Mali had a family gathering and brought along her boyfriend Yuta to "introduce him" to the family. They were really there to be courteous not try to excuse their way out of her mom's own invitation, since she was well aware they had nothing planned that day anyways. Because this gathering was organized where most family were centralized, it was a far way's away from home. They took the chance to make it a scenic trip by taking the train to and from.

The majority of the day was spent in and around an open-air patio with chattering from every corner of the premise. The children played in the grass, the adults passed from conversation to conversation, and the elders mostly sat together in a corner reminiscing and catching up with distant relatives. Mali and Yuta didn't quite fit in well with the crowd. Mali herself wasn't the closest with most there. The two found themselves awkwardly standing around and talking amongst each other, occasionally talking with those she did have connection with. The event wasn't very appealing to them. The food and the trip were about the only things they had going for them. Not to mention, the air was unusually muggy and warm for that time of year. The humidity that day was over 50%, and the temperature soared to 86 °F/30 °C. Even in the shade, people were sweating buckets, and drinking lots to make up for it.

Around 6 in the evening the event was slowly dying down, and people were getting ready to go home. Mali and Yuta were still lingering around, waiting on the schedule of one of the only passenger trains that went through a small neighboring town that evening. They had to be driven to the station by Mali's mom too.

"While we're waiting on her to finish her talk, I'm gonna run to the bathroom really quick." Mali told him.

"Wait." Yuta stopped her. "How bad do you need to go?"

She paused, then responded in a quieter tone. "Not really bad but we have 2.5 hours ahead of us until home. And wearing this? I have no protection with me today!" She wore a light colored summer shirt and khaki shorts with a belt. She also carried a small handbag on her side.

"If you don't wet yourself, I'll let you take control of me."

She glanced at him, then back in the direction of the bathrooms. "I can't even go a little bit before we leave?"

Yuta shook his head. "The bet's off then."

Mali bit her lip, contemplated, bent her knees thinking of the bathroom, and accepted the conditions, a bead of sweat running down her face.

Her mom finished her conversation and showed them to the car, drove to the station and dropped them off with a goodbye.

"Oh! Before I go, here, take these with you. I don't know what kind of train this is, whether they serve drinks or not." She leans and sticks two water bottles out the car window.

Mali lets out a sigh and smiles, "Thanks, mom." Yuta lets out a subtle laugh under his breath as she drives off. They make their way to the platform, and 10 minutes later of bouncing her legs mostly out of anticipation, Mali sees the passenger cars nearing. It was at 6:30 as scheduled.

Walking through the doors, the two are immediately met with a wall of cool air that takes them by surprise, courteous of the A/C that's been blasting in it all day. They look around the car, and to Mali's relief, it's completely empty. In fact, every car was somehow empty. They take a seat near the middle and breathe in ecstasy of the chilled ride they would have home. The two hour train ride had five expected stops, the fifth and last being theirs. Afterward they'll have a 5 minute drive home from the station, where then Mali would complete the challenge and give Yuta a taste of his own medicine! She thought this to herself with confidence.

As the train started though, she couldn't help but notice the inverse effect the A/C was having on her. All the sweat that was accumulated during the day was cooling rapidly, and that included her privates. Her half-dampened panties stuck to her, and made her notice just how much she really had to go. She adjusted herself upright in her seat, and began squirming while looking out the window as their speed increased.

At 6:50, they still hadn't arrived at the first stop, but Mali was already growing restless. She realized that she dangerously underestimated how full her bladder was in reality.

Fuck, I didn't think it was going to be this bad. It was only an hour ago, I felt fine then! Is it the vibrations of the railroad that's the culprit? The fact that I drank all day with only a couple bathroom visits? Damn! At this rate I won't make it off this train dry, and making the bathroom is a whole separate battle.

"You all good?" Yuta asked.

"No, no I'm not all good."

"You need some water?"

"Screw you, no!" she said back sharply.

"Wow, you're really that desperate already?"

"Yes," she put her hands between her legs and rocked, "and I'm going to need you to give me some room to focus later on."

"Yes Ma'am." He was fond of her determination.

At 7:00, the train approached its first stop. As the brakes applied, the slight force of the long slow-down had an impact on Mali, causing her to squeeze her legs together to control the pressure. At the stop, only one person boarded on a car ahead of them.

At 7:20, the second stop came, and Mali had to hold herself harder as they slowed. The presence of the belt on her shorts was felt by her now expanded bladder, and pushing her weight into it while they slowed was as beneficial as it was harmful. She groaned as everything came to a halt, keeping her legs moving. No one got on or off at this station, and the doors closed quicker than last time.

"No one got on right?" She said in discomfort.

"No."

"Good."

Swiftly, she undid her belt buckle and freed the front of her stomach, and took it off entirely, putting it in her small bag.

"There's no way I could wear that anymore. There's way too much pressure."

At 7:39, the train rounded a long bend, and Mali could see the next stop in the distance before the braking. Knowing a leak would almost definitely happen soon, she undid the button of her shorts to give her bladder as much breathing room as possible. As they slowed, she could feel the ebb and flow within it, asking for release with every slosh of urine. At the stop, two people entered the cars directly ahead and behind them, as the other one that got on two stops ago left. Only two stops left.

As soon as the train got back to speed, Mali stood up and ushered herself into the isle. She kept her legs closely locked together, pacing up and down the isle.

"I really don't know if I can hold much longer..." She breathed heavy. She also began sweating again despite the cool air. The pressure had gotten to the point of being considered intense in her mind.

"It's not like you cant go at all." He pointed out alluding to a partially emptied bottle he held onto.

She groaned. "This isn't some fantasy where I can aim into something like that under this amount of pressure. Plus...I really wanna toy with you myself!"

He blushed, not expecting the assertiveness. "Keep hanging on then."

5 minutes later, Mali felt a wave of desperation collide, and held herself with a significant amount of strength. It lasted only 10 seconds, but she knew they'd be getting worse and longer going forward.

Another 5 minutes later, a large one hit her. She leaned forward.

"Shit-!"

*dribble dribble dribble*

She felt a warmth behind her thighs as pee soaked through her panties and formed a small dark spot on her shorts.

Yuta sat up, seeing his girlfriend in distress. "Why don't you sit back down so you don't feel it as much? If you can walk, come this way."

She made her way over gently and sat with control. The wet spot touched the seat, sending a cold sensation coursing through Mali's body.

"Only a half hour left." She thought out loud.

Yuta looked over, but said nothing.

At 8:00, the last stop on the way arrived.

*drip drip drip*

Mali felt a small leak as the breaks applied. She kept her voice down under her breath as it happened.

No person got off at this stop. All seemed to be stopping at Mali and Yuta's stop or somewhere further down the railroad. However, one person did end up boarding here. Mali at the window seat glanced in horror to see him approach and enter the door of their car. He kept to himself and sat near the back, behind the couple. It was then that she noticed how quiet the interior was. If it wasn't for the A/C and noise of the tracks, it would be silent in there.

Mali looked at Yuta and him back at her out of worry. She nodded, and he urged her to be as quiet as possible when the next one would happen.

At 8:14, she gestured to him that something was coming. She could tell that her muscles were straining to keep her floodgates from giving out. She felt a wave creeping up on her. When it hit, it lasted almost 20 seconds, but she held on. Only about a minute later, she felt another one coming, and a warm sensation coursing through her urethra. She tensed up-

*hhssssssssssssss-*

"...ahh-!!" Why isn't is STOPPING?!

Yuta noticed and tried his best to contain the sound by putting his hands over the leak.

*ssssSSSSS-* STOP!! STOP!!

Mali felt the warm liquid as it poured into her shorts, flowing through the bottom and dripping down her calves.

*SSsssssssss* *drip drip drip*

She felt it drain into her socks and walking shoes as it continued to spread on her seat and through her shorts. When it was over, some dripped from the seat to the floor.

The two wore pained expressions, Mali more shocked than ever. Her weakened muscles caused a 7 second leak with 4 of them being full force, all while some man probably just heard all of it.

"OH MY GOD" she whispered, tears welling up in her eyes. Her hands, underside, ankles, heels, and the backside of her legs. They were all soaked. A light yellow coated the back of her socks. Drops and mini puddles scattered the surrounding floor.

Yuta quickly searched her small bag, and found a small bunch of tissues. He started on the floor while Mali was still in shock. He made his way up her legs and then encouraged her to stand up.

"One...sssecond." She made out through stressed breath.

She slowly lifted herself so she wouldn't be in plain sight from the back. As she lifted, urine dripped from the back of her shorts into a large, coating puddle on her seat. Yuta gulped. He used the remaining tissues to soak up what he could. Afterwards, he left them on a spot of the floor where further damage wouldn't occur.

Mali sat back down, the warm sensation that just coated her starting to go cold. While she felt slightly more relieved, the stress of the situation and weakened state of her urethral sphincter kept her on high alert and still desperate.

The time finally came. Mali was still squirming, and going through every situation in her head. Would she be caught? Was she already caught? Does the man know what happened? Has the damage spread to the back of the train? Does he notice a scent? It all came to mind when the train approached their station.

By 8:30, the stain on her shorts had slightly reached the frontside. She decided, as carefully as possible, it would be ideal to exit the back of the car with her going first, her bag doing its best to cover her. Yuta would follow closely behind to shield her backside.

And so she went, waddling forward with wet, unbuttoned shorts as one other person exited another car and the station's bathroom in reachable distance.

They got off the train and Yuta went to find the nearest trash can.

"Are you really giving up? After that?"

"Do I look like I'm in the position to keep going?!"

She spotted the restrooms sign. Making her way over to the entrance, she felt a little relief, like a little weight off her shoulders knowing her urges would be gone, but also that she wouldn't get what she wanted - only to find a "closed for maintenance" sign and caution tape across the single genderless bathroom's door.

She grimaced.

*psssst*

"C'mon, let's head home." He said as she rewet the front side of her khakis.

"ffFUCK. ghh...FINE."

She inched over to the car where Yuta opened the door for her.

"Don't worry about the seat."

"Yeah, you BETTER not! FLOOR IT."

He jumped in and they took off. During the ride every acceleration was felt by Mali. When they pulled out, there was a *dribble*. Every stop sign or light, there was a *leak* followed by a small groan. Every green light there was a *pst* and another indescribable noise.

Finally, they pulled into their driveway. Yuta climbed out and hopped over to the other side of the car and opened the door. But she hardly looked like she wanted to get out. She was laying as straight as she could, her legs crossed and hands firmly tucked in her crotch.

"I can't move...." She muttered. She had so little energy left from panicking and holding that it was catching up to her, even at a time like this. "It's gonna come out..."

Yuta got down on his knees and wrapped his arms around her shoulders and butt. He lifted her to her legs, where she felt a small *leak* spring.

He helped walk her side by side towards the staircase in the front but she urged him to head towards the backyard instead. He obliged.

As they walked, warmth spread between Mali's legs as the leak persisted. As they reached the grass, she slowed down.

"No more...no accident in the house please." She said. She squatted down without a care in the world.

*HHHSSSSHHHHHHHH-*

Golden rain gushed onto the green like a garden hose. Yuta watched as he was used as a support pole while she fully released herself. It spread all inside her khakis, and even spilled out the unbuttoned opening at the top like a fountain.

"I really wanted to have fun with you. I'm sorry I caused such a panic tonight." She vented as her stream came to a steady stop, although her tank was not empty.

"I was...actually gonna let you after what happened on the train. I feel really bad."

"WHA-? Really?!"

*Psssst*

"Yeah."

"Then why did I just wet myself here and not in the parking lot??" She questioned half angrily.

"I just like seeing you push."

"Oh, well, thank you. [...] ...One second."

*pssshhHHHHHHHT*

"I like pushing myself too. But you're definitely paying for that one big leak."

_______

Thank you for reading! I am very tired and will now go to sleep. However - I do have some questions for you who made it to the end, if you don't mind leaving them in the comments.

1. Do you like these stories with Mali + Yuta, or do you prefer the ones with just Mali?

2. Do you like the one-sided nature of their omo-challenges, or would you rather see more back-and-forth contest-esque stories in the future?

3. Would anyone be interested if I made a Mali dom Yuta sub story (as implied by the end)?

Thank you for reading again, and of course, if you want to see Mali and/or Yuta in a specific situation, leave a suggestion and it may be turned into its own story!

