Hold it longer!

Author: oMo_goDd

*000*2026-01-10 01:14

Justin had just come back from hanging with the boys. he was a bit high, but aware enough to feel the bursting feeling in his bladder. he had already peed in the bushes three times, but he could see his cab aproaching.

He had already taken his cock out, but he quickly stuffed it in his pants before the driver saw it.

Justin got in quickly, shut the door, and rambled out his address. He gave the driver a 20 dollar bill. "please drive fast."

The driver took the bill, nodded, and sped off into the night. Justin guessed it would be about half and hour to his house.

He suddenly felt something warm in his briefs. His hands shot to his crotch, hoping the driver wouldn't notice. He didn't. Justin took off his jacket, and put it next to him so that it covered his wet patch, and so that the driver wouldn't see what he was doing.

He took his cock out and squeezed it as more pee came out. he saw the baseball field outside. 25 more minutes of pure torture. Justin squirmed and fanned his legs in the seat. Because he was still high, he drank water to quench his thirst, almost forgetting about his bladder. He squirted more pee out.

He managed to hold it for 10 more minutes without leaking, but he leaked again as he was texting his girlfriend.

*Babe can u open the door i needa piss so bad rn idk if i can make it*

His girlfriend didn't text back, but he could see that she had read it.

When Justin got home, he had a wet spot the size of a large tennis ball on his pants, and his briefs were soaked. He was hoping his girlfriend had unlocked the door, but she hadn't. It was locked and deadbolted. Justin rang the doorbell repeatedly, but there was no response.

With shaky hands, he unlocked the the door. It took almost 3 minutes, and he leaked 4 times. He tried opening it, but it was closed. His girlfriend had probably chained the door chain.

*001*2026-01-17 20:52

"Babe, please. I really need to piss," he exclaimed.

"Shoulda thought about that before you drank so much."

Justin thought about pissing i the nearby bushes, but it wasn't covered enough. there were cameras, and the streets were covered with streetlamps, and the occasional person or car. he couldn't go for more than 8 seconds without a person passing by.

He felt another leak, and his girlfriend, Sadie, finally opened the door and stepped outside.

"You hafta pee, Bae?"

Justin replied with a nod and moan as he leaked again.

"Please."

Sadie pulled him inside and left the door opened. she knew he hated public embarassment, so she also pulled the curtains in so everyone could see inside.

She pulled his pants down to see his throbbing penis and bulging bladder, and then lifted his shirt up over his head as well. She then tied Justin's legs to a chair so that they were spread apart, and his arms to a low-hanging light so they were over his head, making his urge even worse. Justin whimpered through all of it

"Now, here's what's gonna happen. you need to pee. we both have kinks. You're gonna satisfy those kinks, and im gonna help you."

*003*2026-01-25 00:10

Also before I continue with the story I would like to thank @empty2 for their help in writing this story

Justin moaned as another leak escaped. He didn’t argue with Sadie. In fact, he was kind of enjoying the feeling of a full bladder, but if he could pee, he would most definitely rush to the bathroom and piss his heart out.

Just thinking about using the toilet made him shudder. He had relaxed his muscles too much and leaked. But he still felt joy. The joy of satisfying his piss kink.

Sadie pushed on his bladder and Justin’s feeling of bliss suddenly went away. The pain was excruciating. “Please…” Justin barely got the words out before Sadie gave his bladder another push

Justin felt a spurt of piss escape his throbbing member. He squeezed it tight between his thighs, trying to stop the stream

Just a few more minutes later, Justin didn’t feel any joy. Not anymore. “Please, just let me take a leak. Anything. Please, bae.

That unfortunately, gave Sadie an idea. Sadie went to the kitchen to get a cup, and Justin could practically feel the sensation of emptying his bulging bladder

Then Sadie came back with the cup. It was a shot glass that they had used for a vodka drinking challenge a while back. Justin’s heart dropped

“You’re gonna piss in this cup, and you’re not gonna go over, or i’ll personally make you drink more water. Understood?

Justin nodded, and Sadie put the cup under his cock. Justin relaxed for a moment, and all the built up piss inside him came flooding out. He managed to stop it just before the glass overflowed, but let out several spurts after.

*005*2026-01-25 00:44

Thanks again for the help btw, hope to collab again after we finish this story

*007*2026-01-25 17:51

{{6 hours ago, Amy_Jane said:

Loving this so far, thanks for posting

}}

You're welcome, hope you enjoy, and thanks for reading

