An Elite's Privacy (Miyabi - Senran Kagura)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2018-01-30 20:40

It was another day at the Hebijo Clandestine Girls' Academy.

The leader of the elites,miyabi was training once again.

She coated her sword with a black flame and sent all of the other ninja students flying away.

"Hidden Ninpo: Purgatorio of Good and Evil!"

Miyabi summoned a nest of blood-red snakes from her left hand, which sank their fangs into everything surrounding her.

This knocked the ninja students back and ripped of their clothes a bit.

'Wow! Miyabi-sama! That was awesome!'

'I want to be like you someday!'

'Please miyabi-sama! Let me train with you more often~'

The girls started fangirling.

Miyabi sighed and walked away.

Thanks to her manly looks,almost every girl in the school was attracted to her.

'Ahh! Look over there! It's miyabi-sama!'

'Ahhh,miyabi-sama! She looks as gorgeous as ever!'

'Do you think she needs company tonight? *squeal*'

Miyabi sighed and started walking towards the hallway.

'Difficult to deal with those students,eh miyabi?'

Miyabi looked over and saw her childhood friend,imu standing there.

'Yeah,this is getting out of hand...their constant screaming and squealing is getting in the way of our training.

Miyabi and imu continued to walk until they stopped infront of a bathroom.

'Excuse me for a second,i gotta use the bathroom.' Miyabi said.

'Of course,i'll wait here for you!' Imu said with a smile.

Miyabi entered the ladies room and she immediately had an annoyed look on her face.

'Ahh! Miyabi-sama is here!'

'Miyabi-sama! The stall next to me is free!'

'No way,take the stall next to me!'

'We can both share this stall if you want!'

Miyabi sighed and exited the bathroom.

'Let me guess,they started fan girling once again? I could hear it from out here...' imu asked.

Miyabi just nodded and continued walking.

They arrived outside and stopped infront of a portable toilet.

'Here...i'll stand infront of the door and make sure no-one bothers you.'

Miyabi nodded and entered the bathroom.

She entered the toilet and locked the door before pulling down her short tights and her panties.

She relaxed and let out a stream of pee.

She relaxed as she let out the pee she's been holding during the training.

However,her relaxation was cut short when she heard a giggle.

She stopped mid-stream and pulled up her panties and tights.

She looked up and to her surprise saw another student hanging on the roof and looking at her.

'WHAT ARE YOU DOING UP THERE?!'

'Hehehe,i needed to pee...but I didn't want to keep you waiting~' the student said as she reached down her skirt and pulled down her panties.

She then sat down and relaxed.

'Ahh~....is it fair now,miyabi-sama? I'm peeing right infront of you~' the girl said with a blush

'......'

'Miyabi-sama?'

The girl opened her eyes and saw that miyabi was gone.

Miyabi started walking away with imu and sighed.

'Damnit,it's gotten so out of hand that i can't even have privacy anymore.'

'Well...we only have one resort now....' imu said.

She motioned miyabi to follow her.

After a few minutes of walking...

And during said minutes. miyabi's bladder,wich she hasn't fully emptied,has been filling back up....

They arrived in a forest near the academy.

Imu looked around and saw if there weren't any ninja around.

'The coast is clear!' Imu said with a wink.

'Should I really be doing this out here?' Miyabi asked.

'You haven't gone since the training,right? Besides,there's nobody here.' Imu said with a smile.

Miyabi sighed and nodded before pulling down her tights before pulling down her panties.

She relaxed once again and let out a stream of pee.

She sighed with relief as the stream continued for longer,creating a puddle.

Imu blushed as the hissing sound of miyabi's stream reached her ears.

'(Ahh~ miyabi is peeing right behind me! I want to look...this sound is so tempting...but i'd be disrupting her privacy if i looked!)'

Imu left out a small groan.

'Are you okay back there imu?' Miyabi asked.

'Huh? Oh,y-yeah! I'm fine...'

Miyabi stream slowly turned into a few spurts before completely disappearing.

'Ohh...there's nothing to wipe with... oh well...i won't let a wet spot bother me.'

'That's the spirit miyabi!' Imu cheered as miyabi pulled her panties and tights back up.

Miyabi started walking away and once she was out of view,imu starred at the pudding miyabi created.

'She peed...right behind me~' imu said while blushing and shaking.

'Well well,did you have fun miss pervert?' A voice asked.

Imu quickly flinched and saw ryobi standing there.

'R-ryobi?! How long have you been standing there?!'

'Long enough to see that whole scenario...i could tell you were just dying to take a peek.' Ryobi said.

'S-shut up! What are you even doing here?!'

Ryobi pointed at her blonde sister,who was also relieving herself in the bushes.

'I probably shouldn't have asked....'

