Rewind and Relieve (A Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-07-04 19:09

So how are we enjoying Tears of the Kingdom so far? i've been having a lot of fun. Though i will admit most of my playtime involved me screwing around in Hyrule. I've cleared the entire map, completed about 65 shrines as of writing this but I've only recently started making progress with the story and seeing the cutscenes. This short in particular takes place shortly after one of the memories.

###

"Still thinking about returning home?" Rauru asked. Zelda took her eyes off the stone for a second and eyed the Zonai King of Hyrule.

"Y-Yeah....I think I'm starting to get the hang of things. But i still can't help but worry." Zelda said as she brushed her hair and looked around. Rauru noticed the strained look on her face and smiled.

"Please don't push yourself princess. As Sonia said. It'll become second nature in due time." Rauru said as he placed a hand on her shoulder. Zelda smiled, though Rauru couldn't help but notice how strained Zelda's expression was and how she was sweating.

@@"How about you get some rest. I'll go get you some refreshments." Rauru said. Zelda thanked the King and watched as he walked away and disappeared into the forest she was training in. Once he was out of sight, Zelda crossed her legs and placed her hands on her thighs. In the time Zelda had spend trying to draw out her Stone's power, The tea she had drank from Sonia had began working it's way through the princess' System. And she was at a point where every step she took caused her to wince. For about an hour she had to divide her focus between keeping a hold on her bladder and using her power and she was nearing her limit. But the Castle was far away and she wasn't sure she could handle walking all the way back there. She had a distressingly close call not to long ago while trying to use her recently-discovered powers on a much larger object. Zelda hissed and looked around. Rauru was nowhere in sight now and neither were any of the guards that accompanied her on her way to the forest. Taking a deep breath, Zelda slowly made her way towards the bushes. Behind those bushes was a boulder Zelda had practiced on earlier. She hid behind the boulder and took another look around to confirm nobody was watching.

Admitedly, This wasn't exactly the first time Zelda had found herself having to do her business outside. She remembered having to do so while exploring a cavern with Link not too long ago. But those experiences did very little to quell her nervousness. Once she made sure nobody was around to see her, she hiked up her archaic dress. She pulled down her panties to her knees, looked around once more and then crouched down until her butt has hovering mere inches above the grass. Despite her bladder's begging, there was a bit of hesitance before she felt comfortable. She took a deep breath and relaxed her muscles. and then a powerful stream of pee came out of her most intimate area. Splattering against the grass and slowly greating a puddle that was just barely being obscured by the grass.

Zelda closed her eyes and leaned her head back, she couldn't resist letting out a satisfied sigh. All the pressure and stress she felt earlier being quickly replaced by an overwhelming feeling of relief. Zelda felt so much more relaxed now, the noises of the forest added a touch of serenity to a situation that she would've found overwhelmingly awkward. She was so engulfed in her relief she failed to notice the figure creeping up on her.

"Am i interrupting?"

That snapped Zelda out of her relaxation and in a split second the relief was replaced with panic. She turned around to see the Queen and Founder of Hyrule looking at her. Zelda couldn't quite get a read on her facial expression but she she couldn't imagine her being happy about this.

"Q-Queen Sonia! I uhh...This- .....This isn't what it looks like,i uhh...." Zelda scrambled for a excuse, trying to put an end to her stream. But she couldn't stop it. Sonia slowly approached her. Zelda covered her face, being unable to face the Queen.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! i couldn't wait...i had to......Please forgive me!" Zelda whispered hastily, unable to look at the queen. And as such, she failed to see the Queen stop next to her and reach below her own dress. She hiked it up and draped it in front of her, revealing a lack of underwear. Zelda snapped out of her thoughts when she heard some shuffling, She worked up the courage to look to her side and her eyes widened as she watched the Queen get in the same position she was. And if that didn't strike confusion into the future princess, what happened next definitely did.

Sonia relaxed and a stream of urine jetted out of her own body. Splattering against the grass and adding to the wetness Zelda had created. Zelda was so in shock she hadn't registered that her own stream was coming to an end.

"Q-Queen Sonia?!"

"Ahhhh.....Nothing feels better than releasing it after a long day of work. Wouldn't you agree?" She said as she looked at Zelda before closing her eyes and relaxing further.

"Y-You're not...i mean..." Zelda stuttered, not knowing how to respond. Sonia looked at the princess once more and smiled.

"You don't have to be ashamed. When the goddesses call, you've got to answer." Sonia said as she looked at her own stream.

"I too have had to hold it for long periods of time. Sometimes i barely make it back to the castle. Mastering your abilities, extensive meetings. They can be though to sit through." Sonia said. Now facing the princess once more.

"And i'd be lying if i said i hadn't found myself having to sneak and hide once or twice." She said with a giggle. This caused Zelda's anxiousness to diminish a little. She looked at the Queen's stream, which was already starting to die down. Zelda looked down and only then noticed her own had stopped.

"Umm...i don't suppose you'd have anything to wipe with?" Zelda asked with a sheepish smile.

"Heh....I'm afraid not. Most of the people in this time aren't very lucky to have that luxury. Me and Rauru do but...Well, we're not in the castle right now are we?" Sonia said. This did get a small chuckle out of Zelda. She stood up and pulled her panties back up, The wetness causing her to shiver a little. Sonia stood upright again and dropped and readjusted her dress.

"There's a river nearby we can use to wash our hands" Sonia said as she urged Zelda to follow her. Zelda smiled and followed the queen. The queen turned around and looked at Zelda.

"Remember to take a break occasionally and don't strain yourself, Princess. You will master your abilities soon. I know it." Sonia said.

"Yes...Yes, your majesty." Zelda said with a confident smile. The two royals continued walking. As they did, Zelda's thoughts drifted back to her powers...and then to Link.

"Link. I'm okay. I'll be back with you soon..."

