Percy's College Odyssey

Author: NoahEdar0483

*000*2024-09-01 06:40

Hello everyone! I have been wanting to make new stories here, and I've been doing quite a few one-shots or shorter stories. However, with this one, I actually want to make a longer series out of it. It involves a coy college student named Percy, who meets a girl named Artemis (or Artie for short) who is a cheerful person, as well as very muscular and athletic, and just an all around great person...but he, Percy, is embarrassed about having an omo fetish, and revealing it to her. However, she's into omo as well, and loves to guzzle down water and hold it for as long as she can, but she doesn't want to reveal that to him! So it's a thing where she loves holding it for as long as possible, and he's trying not to reveal how aroused he gets at that. I think it's going to be very fun to write. This is just a short prologue to get this story out the door

Chapter 0: Prologue

Dear Diary,

Um…hello, I guess. I suppose I should introduce myself. My name is Perseus Mercury, but everybody calls me Percy. I’m a pretty shy person, and I really don’t like doing social stuff. Every time I’ve tried, it’s ended…well, let’s just say not great. Heh, I sometimes worry that people think I will one day shoot up a school, but I’ve never even thought of doing that. It’s probably my fault; if I actually summoned the courage to talk to more people, then maybe that stereotype would fade…but I digress.

No, I try my very best to be as good of a student as I can…but there is a very…sinful thing about me. Most people, I assume, grow up having feelings for the opposite gender, eventually developing into sexual feelings when puberty starts happening. I had a similar experience…except, most people probably think of having sex when this happens. However, sex isn’t really something I think about too much, in all honesty. No, what gets me aroused is…oh God, am I really going to put this into writing?

…

No, I can’t do it. It’s…it’s too sinful!

…

Okay, fine, I…I…I like seeing people pee. There, I said it. You can laugh! It’s okay, really, go on. I deserve it because of such…disgusting thoughts. Yes, it’s true. I like omorashi. I know it’s disgusting, and awful, and if I ever could go back and prevent myself from being into it, I would. However, I can’t help myself. There’s something so…unbelievably hot about seeing a woman that drank a bunch of water, squirming around, trying to hold it in, until she can’t take it anymore and releases it all in her pants, drenching themselves in pee.

…

God, I’m such a filthy degenerate pig. This…is just wrong! I shouldn’t be into that! I shouldn’t have these thoughts! Perhaps I should think back to the incident, that damned incident, that awakened this sinful desire I have in me. Maybe that will at least allow me to have some sort of self-clarification.

So, I was in second…no, it was third grade, sorry. I was in third grade, and the teacher came in with a purse in one hand…and a large bottle of water in another. I didn’t think much of it then, but if I remember correctly, while we were working on crafts and stuff, she would go out of the classroom with the bottle, presumably to refill it. Now, when I say large, I mean LARGE! Like, the thing must’ve been 1.5 liters (or 50 ounces)! Throughout the day, she would constantly drink from the thing, and looking back, this woman must’ve had the bladder of a camel or something, because she must’ve refilled it, like, three times that day.

As the day went by, I would notice a few changes in my teacher’s mannerisms. While she was sitting at her desk while we worked, her legs would be crossed, bobbing up and down. She would play with her hair, adjust her glasses a lot more frequently, and she would constantly check the classroom clock. Towards the end of the day, she stood up, arms at her side, and she would dance side to side. Finally, it was the end of the day, and most of the class packed their things and left. I however needed to go back and get something from my cubby. Usually, the teacher would stay until we all were completely gone, as in, when the buses left and all the kids got picked up from after school, but strangely, to me, my teacher wasn’t there! I went outside of the classroom to find her, and I eventually found her by the girl’s restroom…which was being cleaned by the janitors, so she couldn’t go in…and let me tell you, she was absolutely desperate.

“Oh…please hurry…it’s an emergency!!!”

I distinctly remember seeing her butt, covered by very tight jeans, shake uncontrollably as she waited. Her breasts were jumping up and down, and you could see them even from behind, and with her t-shirt on. My brain was exploding from such a sight, but nothing could compare to what happened next. First, a light trickle went down her leg, then another. The next thing I knew, her pants looked like they were dunked in water! A huge puddle of her own pee stained the carpet floor of the school. I kid you not, my jaw dropped to the floor when I saw that. I ran, hoping against hope that my teacher wouldn’t spot me, and the next day, nothing really changed, since in my teacher's mind, none of the students really saw it, and the janitor easily cleaned it out. Yes, nothing changed...except I now had that memory burned into my brain forever.

So yeah…that’s the story of how I became a pervert. I saw my third grade teacher pee herself, and it awakened something in me. For 10 years, I have had that memory rule over my sexual feelings. Whenever I see a girl my age drinking lots of water or something, I secretly hope that when it comes back to them, there isn’t a bathroom nearby. I even joined the Cross Country team partially because of that. Knowing how much these guys need to drink, the possibilities were endless. Unfortunately, I never had anything like that happen. There are plenty of porta potties around my school, so I somehow never saw any accidents happen. Now, I’ve graduated, and I’m heading off to college. Oh God, if you’re listening, I hope you can forgive me for my terrible thoughts.

Ugh, I should probably stop now. I have school in the morning.

