Breaking The Seal

Author: omofan5

*000*2025-01-17 21:43

At this point Sarah was an experienced partygoer. As a senior in college and a member of a sorority, she’s been to countless parties. She knows which frats are cool and which ones are filled with weirdos, she knows how to mix jungle juice and how to tell if a drink is safe. She’s a hardened veteran of numerous ragers, dages, and theme nights. And if there’s one thing Sarah knows about, it’s breaking the seal.

When one is drinking alcohol, the body naturally produces more urine through the suppression of the hormone vasopressin. Due to this hormone being inhibited, the body is unable to properly regulate its fluid intake and outtake, and the alcohol acts as a diuretic making you urinate more.

Sarah understood all of this on an anatomical level, her being a biology major after all. But she also had personal experience, and that of her friends. And while she knew that holding your pee in isn’t good for you, it’s almost necessary while doing heavy drinking. Because once you “Break The Seal” and go to the bathroom, you will be running back nonstop.

She sees it all the time, especially with freshmen who don’t know any better. Girls standing in the line for the bathroom, getting out, and then immediately getting back in line. Sometimes they’ll try holding it, but once the seal has been broken it can’t be resealed. Usually those girls just end up pissing so loud you can hear it outside the bathroom door. Or, rarely but it does happen, they’ll have an accident. There’s been more than a few times Sarah helped a teary eyed freshman escape from the party in a pair of piss soaked jeans. In fact, it was happening at this very party.

“I-I just couldn’t hold it… I’m so sorry y’all…” the poor country girl hiccuped. She’d obviously had too much to drink, and could barely stand as Sarah and another sorority sister helped her into her friend's car. Giving her a bottle of water and telling her to get home safe and get to bed.

“Ugh, these freshmen. Ridiculous.” Sarah’s friend and sorority sister Megan said.

“Cmon Megan. You’re acting like you’ve never pissed your pants while drunk.” Sarah laughed.

“What?!? I don’t.. I mean!” Megan defended herself. “I mean a few times just back at the house but-“

“Wait a few times?” Sarah laughed. “I only knew about the one time when you laughed so hard at Shrek 2 that you pissed yourself on Maddie K’s bed!”

“I….“ Megan searched hard for some defense, but it wasn’t coming. Instead she just shook her head and went back inside.

As she went, Sarah watched her backside, not just because Megan’s ass is huge, but because Sarah could’ve sworn she saw a dark patch on her jeans. Probably just imagining things. Sarah wasn’t wearing any jeans. She was wearing a little black dress and she was freezing her petite ass off standing out here so she decided to go back inside as well.

Inside the party was still raging. It would be going for another few hours, and Sarah prepared herself for more drinking, dancing, and flirting with the cute boys from the hosting frat. She grabbed another can of vodka seltzer from the cooler, and she felt her bulging and aching bladder as she knelt down to grab it.

“I’ll be fine. I’ll go near the end that way when I have to go again hopefully I’ll be home.” Sarah thought. These sorts of thoughts were always risky. And even though she teased Megan for it earlier, Sarah has definitely had her fair share of accidents as well. She figured it just comes with being a college girl who partied hard, and it’s not even the end of the world when it happens. The worst part about it is doing laundry the next day.

Still, she wasn’t planning on pissing her panties tonight, and despite how much her bladder may scream and moan she wasn’t pissing any time soon.

The next time she saw Megan though, she was in a different boat. This time Sarah saw her in line for the bathroom. Megan had both hands between her legs and even though the lights were dim she could now see the clear wet patch on the back of her friend's jeans.

“Oh look who’s here.” Sarah giggled when she walked up to her friend. Megan just rolled her eyes.

“It’s not funny, fuck I have to pee so bad!” Megan whined.

“What, you mean you didn’t already?” Sarah asked.

“No I…” Megan trailed off, then she pressed her hands tighter against her crotch and danced around a bit. She began to whisper to herself. “No….no….fuck… nooooo”

Sarah watched closely as the wet patch blossomed on Megan’s jeans. In half a second it went from barely noticeable on the front to down her legs and puddling on the floor. The amount of piss Megan was holding had to be enormous. She kept going for a long time, Sarah couldn’t tell you exactly how long, because she was lost in laughter.

She found it so ironic how her friend was making fun of a freshman earlier for pissing her jeans, and now she was doing the same! Sarah just couldn’t contain her laughter, she was almost hunched over and couldn’t breathe, that is until she felt a hot jet of piss run down her leg. Now it was Sarah’s turn to clench her crotch, pushing her legs together as fast as possible. Her laughter now stopped and it was Megan’s turn to say something.

“I guess it’s time to leave huh?” She said, examining her piss soaked jeans which were absolutely drenched. Every step she took you could hear her socks squish in her shoes. But Sarah wasn’t close enough behind her to hear. Sarah was waddling. Every movement had to be crucial. She wanted to at least make it out of the house first. She knew what was coming. She knew it was inevitable. So she just had to power through it for a few more seconds. Just until the door.

She couldn’t do it. Sarah lost control right in the entrance area. Unlike the freshman and Megan, she wasn’t wearing jeans. That means that the piss flowed more freely. It ran down her legs in rivers, hissing loudly and pounding the tile beneath her with the pitter patters of falling piss. She just stood there, legs spread, letting her body do what it needed to do as some horny freshmen frat boys who were on door duty watched slackjawed at the beautiful girl in a tight dress with slender legs euphorically pissing her panties in front of them.

“Sorry about that one guys. Tell Mike I’ll Venmo him for the cleanup.” She told them. Just before she walked through the door, she rolled her dress up a bit and let them see her pissy baby blue pantie clinging tight to her ass and pussy. This got her a few cheers and she met with a pissy Megan on the sidewalk outside.

“Show off.” Megan teased.

“Just a bit, fuck it’s freezing out here. Thank god we live down the street.” Sarah said.

“Wanna know something crazy?” Megan asked. “I need to piss again.”

“Are you serious?” Sarah asked. “Well might as well just piss yourself again. Those jeans are already going in the wash.”

Megan took that advice, and once again the piss began to flow down her legs, there wasn’t much to see as her jeans were already pretty soaked, but you could see the streams flowing off the cuffs of her jeans.

They made it halfway down the block when Sarah realized that she needed to go again too. But she thought she might have fun with this one.

“Hey you know who has a huge piss fetish? Dan T.” Sarah said.

“No way, really?” Megan asked. “He lives around here right?I had no idea. He seems like the type though.”

“Hey what’s that mean?” Sarah asked.

“I mean he’s your type. That’s what I mean. You like those weirdo guys.” Megan teased.

“It’s not weird, it’s cute, like watch this it’s gonna be so funny.” She pulled out her phone and began FaceTiming Dan. He picked up and she immediately began talking.

“Ohmygod thank thank thank you please can I come over I really really need to piss and I’m right outside.” Sarah screamed at the phone.

“Ugh… oh what yeah sure hold on I’ll get the door.” Dan said and hung up. Sarah ran over to Dan’s front door and prepared for the show.

Once he opened the door, he saw his crush, Sarah, standing there. She had her dress rolled up again, and her legs spread, and her soaking wet blue panties on display. And standing there in that gorgeous outfit Dan saw the girl of his dreams piss her panties right in front of him. He couldn’t tell if he was still dreaming.

Sarah looked back at Megan who rolled her eyes. She pointed down the street to let Sarah know she’s heading home. Sarah was going to be spending the night with Dan, who was realizing this was real, and his pajama pants felt a little more tight.

*008*2025-03-02 21:44

Thank you all for the support and feedback on part one! Here's part two, warning this part is way more sexually explicit. I hope you enjoy!

Sarah wiggled her toes in the sand as she relaxed on the beach. She was fully nude, but it was fine. She knew she was alone, not another soul for miles. She stretched out fully soaking in the warm rays of the sun. The soft warm sand beneath her and the gentle shining sun above lulled her body into relaxation. Sarah could feel the last bits of pressure in her body melt away, and there was a lot of pressure in her body. Sarah focused for a bit, but it didn’t take long until those floodgates opened and Sarah began to soak the sand beneath her. Her eyes still closed, she sighed as she felt the piss rush from between her legs, like the ocean tide rising.

Sarah soaked in the bliss as she felt her piss soak up around her. She moaned, moving a hand down between her legs. She wanted this moment to have a bit more pleasure. She tried to be gentle, but she could feel the sand shift beneath her as her stream hissed powerfully. The shaking was only increasing as her stream got stronger and stronger. Sarah felt the earth tremble beneath her as she heard a voice calling her name. “Sarah… Sarah…” it said, getting louder and louder.

“Sarah… Sarah wake up.”

Sarah’s eyes opened, she wasn’t on a beach after all. She was in bed, but not her bed. Dan, the guy she spent the night with was over top of her. Not in the same was he was last night though, this time he looked concerned. Sarah immediately knew why though. The reason was literally surrounding her, as she sank into the mattress she could feel the warm wetness surrounding her entire lower body. She propped herself up to take a look, and indeed, a giant fresh wet patch as wide as half the bed, stretching up from her back to down around her knees greeted her.

“I pissed your bed?” Sarah asked. Still waking up and processing what was going on.

“Yep.” Dan replied. He clearly wasn’t mad, Sarah knew he wouldn’t be, but he was definitely shocked.

Sarah was shocked too. She’s gotten plenty drunk before, drunk enough to pee herself. But never while asleep. She had gone to bed completely naked after sleeping with Dan, and she could feel the drops of pee that still clung to her cooling off as they dripped off her thighs and pussy.

Dan had gone to bed completely nude too, and Sarah’s eyes moved down from his shocked face and focused on another reaction he was having. This made her smirk.

“How embarrassing.” She whined, acting flustered. “Please do you promise you won’t tell anyone about this? I’ll make it up to you…”

She got up and kneeled in her puddle, looking Dan directly in the eyes as she placed her hand on his cock. She began to stroke it as she continued.

“I’m such a bad girl aren’t I? I completely pissed your bed… look at your sheets Dan… they’re soaked…” Sarah whispered, she could feel him growing even stiffer in her hands as he moaned looking deep into her eyes.

“Please let me make it up to you…” Sarah said before letting go of his cock and laying back down in her puddle. Dan was so turned on that he mindlessly followed her down, hovering over top of her like he did last night. Only this time they’re doing it in piss soaked sheets.

Sarah looked deep into Dan’s eyes as he grinded his cock up against her wet folds. The movement created splashing sounds that drove them both wild. Then Dan stopped. He grabbed his dick and sat back, closing his eyes. Sarah had no idea what he was doing.

Until he let loose, now Sarah couldn’t contain her moans as the piss erupted from Dan’s cock. It sprayed with real force, like a showerhead on full blast directly on Sarah’s clit. She sank into the warmth, her piss from earlier had cooled off but now the feeling was hot, fresh, and even sexier. Dan grunted as his cock twitched, causing his stream to shoot up onto Sarah’s stomach. She gasped and rubbed her pussy while he continued unleashing his bladder all over the front of her as if she were a urinal.

Dan’s stream began to taper off, and pulled himself in and began to wildly rub his cock on Sarah’s soaked folds. He grabbed Sarah by the back of the neck, and sank into a deep kiss. Their tongues fought sloppily, but the feeling couldn’t compare to what was going on down below. Dan finally penetrated Sarah’s folds, the lovers moaning into each other's mouths. Sarah didn’t realize she still had piss inside her that she didn’t let out last night, until Dan fucked it out of her right there. They were a tangled mess of hot, piss soaked limbs, and it didn’t take long for them to both reach climax.

“Fuck… how am I going to do all this laundry?” Dan asked, panting and collapsing on top of Sarah.

“That sucks… but can you move so I can get out of this puddle please?” Sarah asked, giving Dan a tap on his butt before he got up out of bed. He looked down and saw his bed sheets were ruined, but the smiling blonde on his bed made all that seem insignificant.

_____________________________

Luckily Dans roommates left early that morning, allowing him to put his sheets and everything else that got wet into the wash that morning. The two then proceeded to lounge around. They took a well needed shower, and enjoyed scrubbing each other down. Then Dan gave Sarah one of his hoodies to wear, a well oversized one that stretched down butt. She wore only that and her pair of blue panties from last night that went through the wash while Dan lounged around shirtless with basketball shorts.

“Have you ever like… done that before?” Sarah asked him while they sat cuddled together on his couch.

“Done what?” Dan asked.

“Done what- cmon you know what I’m talking about.” She replied.

“I mean I lost my virginity in high school…” Dan answered.

“No- I mean have you ever done it… like we did it?” Sarah prodded. Dan finally understood what she meant now.

“Oh uhh no…” Dan answered sheepishly. “My ex was never into that sort of thing, her and I never did anything close to that.”

“So when you decided to piss on my pussy it was just like a spur of the moment thing?” Sarah asked. She giggled as she saw Dan turn pink at the question.

“Umm, yeah I guess? I don’t know, it just seemed right in the moment.” He replied.

“Oh trust me. It was.” Sarah answered. She began to grind against Dan’s rapidly stiffening cock.

“You thought it was hot?” Dan asked. “You like piss that much huh?”

“Look who’s talking.” Sarah snickered back. “You remember Liam T.’s party last year when we were playing that game and you had to admit what type of porn you watched? I was so shocked when you said piss porn. Of course you tried to play it off as a joke but I knew it wasn’t. I could tell by the way your eyes were darting to the bathroom line, how you watched all those sorority girls bouncing in desperation.”

Sarah increased the pace she was grinding on Dan. The front of her panties became soaked as the tip of his cock rubbed her pussy, the only thing separating them being two thin pieces of fabric that were growing slicker by the second.

“I saw as you watched me. You would look away whenever I caught you staring at me grabbing my crotch. I was bouncing around and whining, all for your attention. I wanted to see if you really were a piss freak.”

She was on top of him now, whispering in his ear, her breath warm as he sat back and shuddered. Letting her take complete control.

“Such a good boy, you really proved me right you know? Now guess what, it’s time for a reward.” Sarah stopped grinding, but Dan kept trying to buck his hips up into her soft folds.

“Shhh shhh be a good boy settle down.” She whispered in his ear, getting him to settle his hips. The second that happened, he felt more pleasure than he could’ve imagined. Sarah wrapped her arms around his neck, her legs straddled his waist, and her crotch was pressed right up against his. And she exploded. Her bladder wasn’t completely full. But it didn’t matter. Dan's cock became wrapped in bliss, his hips bucked as the force of Sarah’s stream ran down his member. He bucked into her pretty blue panties, making an even bigger mess that left marks on his sweatshirt but he didn’t care. 

Sarah and him kissed each other's necks deeply as they worked towards orgasm. It wouldn’t take much. Dan came first, his balls tightened as he unloaded in his already wet shorts. Sarah followed soon after, feeling the pressure of Dan’s orgasm and how his penis spurted caused her to bury her face in Dan’s neck and let out a scream. Her knees turned to jelly as she squirted through her soaked panties right on Dan’s ruined shorts.

The two were out of breath, panting into each other's arms until Sarah finally sat back and surveyed the damage.

“It looks like your couch is fine. But we probably need another shower.” She told him. He smirked in response.

“I feel like this is gonna happen a lot with you.”

Sarah smiled back. “Yeah, I can be a mess.”
