An Accident on the Climbing Wall

Author: OPencil

*000*2018-01-15 00:04

This is is my first story; hope you enjoy!

“The coffee is decaf!” Isla declared, and Ava groaned in sympathy. They’d arrived at the adventure camp yesterday evening, and what with some rather lewd, late-night rounds of Never Have I Ever, none of their room had gotten much sleep at all.

“Drink tons of tea. There’s a bit of caffeine in it, you know.” Holly could always be counted on to provide the facts. Smiling, she proffered a mug to Isla.

Ava watched the girl drink a gulp, before starting to brew a mug for herself. ”Ugh, it’s freezing outside. Maybe you’ve got a point.”

Holly’s smile widened, ever pleased to be right. “Hurry up, though. We’ve only got a few minutes.”

“Yeah, but I’ve really got to pee and grab a coat first.” Isla downed the rest of her drink in one. “You really didn’t need to know that. Just- I’ll be back in a couple. Tell the instructor where I am if I’m late, okay? Thanks.” She started to speed-walk out, leaving Ava sipping at her mug and Holly humming, distracted.

“Okay, it’s five-to-nine! You need to be at the tower in five minutes; that’s five minutes from now. The session, which is rock climbing, actually starts at 9 o’clock, folks, so be snappy.” Holly reluctantly obeyed the instructor, but Ava hesitated. “You know, I might take a bottle of water with me. I don’t know how long it’ll be.”

“Fair enough. Me too, actually,” Holly consented. Bottles in hands, the unsuspecting girls followed the remainder of their group to the climbing tower. It looked about ten metres in height, nothing drastic, and a decent introduction to the sort of high-ropes activities they’d be traversing over the next week. Harnesses lay serried on the ground.

“Guess who it is.” Isla returned to the group, looking relieved, and earning a glare from the instructor.

“Watch carefully, and copy how I put my harness on.”

The girls dutifully mirrored the leader’s actions- stepping through the loops, pulling it up round their waist, with a strap thrown over each of their shoulders, and clips tightened into place. Ava felt it intimately tight around her crotch, and shifted a little in place. She realised she had to use a toilet at some point, remembering the rush to get breakfast and how it had stolen her bathroom opportunities. She started to get a little concerned, fidgeting on the spot (and being rather aware of the fabric providing a lovely, pleasurable friction down there), but then she remembered her water bottle and took a gulp. It calmed her nerves, so she gulped again and screwed the cap back on, ignoring her urges.

“I’m going first!” Isla stepped forward, ready for her harness to be strapped onto the pulley. She turned to the group. “Now watch and learn.” She’d clearly done activities of this type before, because she scrambled up the wall in a couple of minutes and touched the top of the tower, cheering. “Hey, I can see- aaaaah!” The instructor appeared to have had enough of her cavalier attitude, because she plummeted like a bungee jumper, stopping inches from the ground. “Hey, you could’ve warned me!”

“There’s a lot of you to get through.” The instructor prompts unclipped Isla. Some others in the group started to crowd the tower, all keen to ascend, but Ava hung back. Her nerves were making her bladder need more pressing. She couldn’t even hold herself, as the strap ran directly between her legs. She knew, however, that leaving for the toilet would mean removing the harness and forfeiting the entire activity. So abruptly, she sat on the ground and drew her knees to her chest, rocking a little. This helped, she realised gratefully.

And thus she watched some of the others go up, with varying levels of success, clenching her thighs intermittently. She really did have to release quite a bit of liquid. She alternated between side-to-side and back-and-forwards rocking, the tight strap stimulating her clitoris in a rather pleasurable way. At least no one was watching her- Holly was halfway up the tower, and Isla was chatting to a group of boys. With a cautious flick of eyes from side to side, she thrust her hands between her legs, trying to distract her bladder.

“Ava will!” Quickly changing position, Ava looked up, and saw Holly gesturing to her. She guessed she’d just been volunteered to climb, which really wasn’t appealing to her at that moment in time. Groaning, she stood up- and immediately fell forward a little. The urge was so much worse than she’d realised! Sitting down had lessened it. She couldn’t keep still, but she tried to disguise her fidgeting as trembling in the cold. Once strapped in securely, she realised the pulley was exerting quite some pressure on her vulva, momentarily improving matters. Her face turned upwards to the tower, and she realised she’d have to get at least halfway to avoid ridicule. So she lifted a leg onto the first step and ooh, her panties were damp! Damp and warm, for she’d spurted. She revelled in the warmth for half a second, and then remembered her circumstances. Focus on the climbing. Right. She was actually rather turned on, so it was easier said than done.

She wasn’t sure why the throbbing urge of her bladder was quite so...delicious. She was actually enjoying this. She hoisted herself up one, two, three pegs. And up she climbed, some more. And then she made a mistake. She looked down.

She knew she was only several metres off the ground, but it seemed so far. And DAMN IT, SHE NEEDED TO PEE! But there was no way to relieve herself up here. But no, she had to. She stopped climbing and pressed her thighs together, clenching all her muscles down there. She knew her predicament must be apparent to the rest of her group, but she squeezed her eyes closed and pretended they weren’t there. She was going to have an accident up there. There was no way she could come down and get the harness off in time. She had no choice. She just had to, didn’t she? Her bladder rebelled.

“Ava, are you going to-“ she heard Holly call, and suddenly she relaxed.

She was peeing! She was urinating through her panties, her jeans, into the harness which cupped her so snugly, where it pooled warmly. Stray rivers branched out into her jeans, and she entwined her legs together, feeling her inner thighs warm and moisten. Then there was the splatter of liquid on wood. Of course- she was suspended on a climbing wall! A stream splattered all the way down the tower, eventually hitting the ground with an amplified pattering. This went on, and on, and on, so strongly, and with her face to the wall, Ava closed her eyes and smiled. This was satisfying. It really was so satisfying. So many rivulets ran from her, so many separate streams falling to the ground. So much pee being filtered through her clothing and falling down below. As she slowed and dribbled, she looked down at the saturated ground far below.

And then she saw her group’s faces.

So yep, that’s my first attempt at writing, and hopefully not my last! I may continue with a sequel about how the rest of the activities unfold, if this is received well. Any feedback- both positive or negative- would be much appreciated. Thanks for reading :)

