Quintessential Quintuplets - a hard day after school

Author: Omotaku

*000*2022-09-29 00:06

This story has nothing to do with my other story. This is a story I already wrote in another language and translated it to english with the help of a translator and fixed it up by my own. I'm not a native speaker. Please be considerate. Hope you like it and enjoy!

___

Itsuki, Miku, Nino, Ichika and Yotsuba are the quintuplets of the Nakano family. They all go to the same school and live together. Even if living together is not always easy, they can't live without each other.

It was a chaotic morning at the Nakano Residence. All 5 girls overslept. Probably because her tutor Futaro let her study until late at night again. So, there wasn't really much time for the 5 girls to get ready this morning. But they managed to be just right in time. However, none of the girls went to the toilet in the morning because they were late. This story takes place after school on the way home. This story continues for each girl from her own point of view.

Ichikas and Ninos POV:

Ichika and Nino have the biggest advantage of the quintuplets. While the others just finished school, the two have almost arrived home.

However, Nino found that the pocket of her school uniform was empty. She must have forgotten her key to the apartment in the school.

"What should I do...?" She thought to herself.

"Back to school?” She didn't want to do that.

"I really need to pee..." That was all she could think about. With that in mind, she decided to wait for one of her sisters to show up.

The first sister to arrive home was Ichika. Nino saw Ichika and barely managed to resist the pressure of her bladder. She can finally go to the toilet. Not realizing that Ichika was aiming exactly the same thing, even if it wasn't quite as urgent for her as it was for Nino.

Ichika met Nino at the front door and after explaining the situation, Ichika wanted to open the door for Nino. But before she pulled out her key, she noticed that Nino was wriggling her legs back and forth.

"Hmmm... tell me, do you have to go to the bathroom?" Ichika asked out of curiosity.

Nino blushed and didn't want to answer the question.

"If you don't say so, I won't unlock the door," Ichika teased Nino.

"Ah... man... yes, I have to, satisfied? Now open up," Nino says.

Ichika also has the urgent to pee, but she still wanted to annoy Nino.

"And what if not?" Ichika asked sarcastically.

Nino didn't want to put up with the answer and tried to grab Ichika's bag, which resulted in a small fight. In the end, Nino manages to steal the key from Ichika and opens the door lock.

However, she had to take the focus off her bladder for a moment, with a small spurt going into Nino's purple panties. She knows she can't hold on much longer, even though salvation is now within reach. Nino opens the door and ran straight towards the toilet. When she opened the door, she again lost a spurt which made her panties quite wet and her need to pee rises abrupt.

Arrived in the bathroom, it was over for Nino. She couldn’t stop the force of her own bladder. Her pee, which can no longer be stopped by her panties, spreads out in her skirt and a on the floor.

She only manages to lift her skirt and continue to release the rest of her pressure through her panties on the toilet. While sitting on the toilet, Nino only noticed how her pee goes through her panties but at least her skirt and the floor underneath her don't get any wetter than they already are. That was the moment Nino tried to relax and let nature take its course. Even though she willingly pissed trough her panties, it felt really good to let it go and a little moan escaped her mouth.

Shortly after she finished peeing there was a knock on the door. It was Ichika.

"Hey Nino, how much longer do you need? Can you open the door?"

"And what if not?" Nino teased Ichika back.

Itsukis and Yotsubas POV:

Itsuki and Yotsuba set off together home. Just off the school grounds, Yotsuba asked Itsuki whether she needs to go to the toilet which she declined. Although she needed to pee, she doesn’t want to waste Yotsubas time.

Yotsuba admitted that she actually has to pee but she could hold it until home she said.

“Well… I could have said I need too…” but now she doesn’t want to confess her urge to pee because it would be embarrassing if she changed her mind now.

After some minutes she wondered if it wouldn't have been better if she and Yotsuba lined up at the school restroom. But after school the line always is pretty crowded anyway. So, it isn’t a problem for Itsuki.

But instead of worrying about herself, she thought of Yotsuba "I hope she can hold it until we get home". Itsuki knows that her bladder sometimes has the capacity of a child.

The way home was silent. 10 minutes later and almost Arriving home, Itsuki noticed how Yotsuba is going faster. "She really needs to go… “

"Are there are any shops or parks nearby", Yotsuba thought… “No… I’m just hurrying home... go Yotsuba, you can you do it... hurry up"

When they got home, the only thing left was the elevator to the apartment. Yotsuba and Itsuki arrived it at the same time and both pressed the button to their apartment. While their hands touched naturally Itsuki noticed how warm and sweaty Yotsubas hand is.

When the elevator went up, a spurt escaped in Yotsubas white panties. She has to place her hand between her legs to stop it. She didn't care that Itsuki was standing next to her.

"Itsuki, please let me go to the bathroom first," Yotsuba pleaded.

Of course, it was now very urgent for Itsuki as well but Yotsuba had it even worse.

Arriving at the apartment, they both ran towards the toilet

. To her surprise, there was already Ichika in front of the door with her hand also between her legs.

"Please Nino, open the door, otherwise..." Ichika begged.

"Otherwise, what?" Nino answered

"Ichika? What's happening here?"

"Yotsuba? And Itsuki? What...are you doing here now?"

"We had to hurry... Obviously for the same reason as you" Itsuki says. Ichika explained what happened before and tried to calm down.

Nino's voice came from the bathroom „you too?"

Actually, she just wanted to annoy Ichikas and get her revenge but now… if she goes out not only Ichika but also Itsuki and Yotsuba will see her wet skirt…

"Sorry everyone, but I won’t go out here."

While Yotsuba and Ichika just jump around in place and holding her hands between her legs Itsuki tried to convince Nino "Please Nino, otherwise there will be two accidents…. no, three…. So please open up!"

If Nino comes out now, she would have to admit that she peed herself too…

A tear flowed down Ichika's check “okay, you won Nino..." she sobbed lightly.

Yotsuba couldn't hold it anymore either.

"You are so mean, Nino," she said.

Both girls couldn't hold it anymore. Nearly at the same time two hissing sounds came together and both skirts got wetter and wetter.

Itsuki, who was just standing next to the was surprised and looked at them. Both had closed eyes and a puddle formed beneath them. She just witnessed two of her sisters wet themselves at the same time.

A moment that seemed like an eternity. The hissing hardly went quit and the puddles on the floor keeps getting bigger until nobody could tell which puddle belonged to whom.

Both girls felt ashamed and both left shameful in their rooms. Not sure if Itsuki is supposed to follow one of them, she first stayed in front of the toilet. But it wasn't long before she realized that Nino still would not open the door.

So Itsuki went into Yotsuba's room, who already had taken off her skirt and was only in her white panties. However, it was more yellow than white.

Yotsuba had tears in her eyes "Itsuki..." she sobbed. Itsuki tried to calm her down, "don't be sad Yotsuba, it can happen to anyone.“ While she also felt a sharp pain in bladder.

Yotsuba continued to cry in embarrassment.

“Why am I such a child compared to you? “

How could Itsuki try to calm her down, she thought to herself….

"Yotsuba you are not a child… “she interrupted „look…. I can't take it anymore either" Yotsuba stopped sobbing and looked at Itsuki

“What do you mean? “

The room which is filled with silence. Itsuki can’t even tell what is about to happen.

She closes her eyes and suddenly a familiar hissing sound appears and both girls exactly know what happens now.

A visible stream is running down Itsukis legs while her skirt turns from green to dark green.

Yotsuba watches Itsuki with bright eyes.

Itsuki's heart was pounding. But now she could also no longer prevent it. Suddenly the roles were exchanged. It was she who peed herself in front of her sister.

All she felt was the embarrassment and the warmth in her school uniform and panties. She blushed bright red.

She still can‘t believe that she pees herself. She doesn’t even know whether it was an accident or on purpose…

However, the feeling of peeing herself felt really good. Is it just the feeling of relief or is it the warm and wet feeling on her body or was it maybe both?

After she was done peeing, she opened her eyes and looked down at the floor to sees that yellow puddle on Yotsuba room floor. Yotsuba said nothing about it but only a loud sound of confusion came from her Mouth.

“Whaaat?“ she said not even sounding sad anymore but she also has sparkling eyes.

Itsuki however was frozen. Die she really peed her pants even though she wants to be the eldest of them all? She wants to close her eyes again and die out of embarrassment but suddenly she heard a soft "arigato" from her sister.

Itsuki also removed her peed-soaked skirt, revealing her wet white but now also yellow panties

“That somehow felt really good…“ Itsuki still blushes

“Do you have a fetish for this?“ Yotsuba grinned.

“Of course not… Baka Yotsuba!“ Itsuki says.

Then Itsuki ran out of Yotsubas room.

“And who cleans this puddle now?“ Yotsuba worries.

Meanwhile, Nino got a look out of the toilet and since no one was in front of the door anymore, she left the bathroom, stepping in a large puddle of piss but as long as no one was there, she wanted to take the opportunity to quickly disappear into her room to change.

“Oh my god… what did I do? “ She thought.

Mikus POV:

She had to wait because her teacher talked with her so long, which is why she was the last to leave the school building.

Miku can't stand school toilets and usually doesn’t have to use them, which is why she decided to ignore her urge to pee and run straight home.

On the way home she hurried. Usually, she always goes to the toilet at home first, but because she hadn't gone this morning, she had to pee really bad by now.

Every now and then it happens that Miku has to pee on her way Home. But today Miku feels like she's about to get her panties wet.

"I should have really gone at school," Miku regretted. She was almost home but the elevator didn't do her bladder any good and she started to overflow.

She gathered all her strength but couldn’t stop a big spurt which causes a wet spot in her green panties. When she got out of the elevator, she opened the door and ran to straight to the toilet. She realizes an already big puddle in dront of the bathroom door. At first, she obviously thought that it was water. But with a closer look she realizes that it was pee…

“Why is there a big pee puddle on the floor?“… she thought.

In this moment she felt her own bladder give up. Maybe it was a psychological Effect that causes the bladder the empty itself.

But soon she felt the wetness running down her own legs more and more. She noticed her stream got even stronger. Another stop was impossible for her. She didn‘t even try to pee the rest into the toilet.

Instead, she was leaning against the bathroom door and still with her shoes on she let nature take its course and endured her fate.

Her panties could no longer hold her warm pee back. Her skirt and her shoes get drenched and, in the hallway, spread another puddle out.

On the way to her room, she randomly crossed paths with Nino who was still wearing her own wet clothes. Of course, she saw the wet skirt of Miku.

The crossed without saying anything but Mikus view clearly went to Ninos wet skirt.

“Did Nino pee herself too? What is happening today?”

But then Miku shamefully crept into her Room to change her off her wet shoes and socks.

It was now late. The puddles were still in front of the toilet because no one wanted to come out of her room.

Itsuki calls all the sisters into the living room. After everyone appeared in pajamas, she asked Nino to apologize to everyone.

"We peed our pants because of you, Nino! You should feel sorry for us!“

Nino went to everyone personally and apologized sincerely. First Ichika, who also apologized to her. Second, Itsuki, who accepted the apology with a smile. Third, Yotsuba, who didn't want to look at Nino at first, but then accepted the apology.

Fourth, she went to Miku to apologize. But she denied the apology. "You don't have to... don't worry about me... It was my own fault because I didn't even make it to the toilet" Miku said with a red face.

Nino smiles now too.

The End

