Don't Piss Yourself- Large Multiple Choice game

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2026-01-09 15:57

I am making this large Multiple choice (hard) game called 'Don't wet yourself' I have attached the first demo- Not even halfway done but it has 120 separate passages- and only one win state currently. I need a small break from writing it but I would love for people to playtest and let me know if they find any errors (Spelling, timeline) anything like that. Also If anyone has ideas for scenarios moving forward with this. Any unfinished route will tell you before you can go down it.... I don't know if this needs to be in downloads or a topic so I will make another post in downloads if this is the case 😄

Don_t piss yourself DEMO 1.0.html

*002*2026-01-10 13:25

{{13 hours ago, AraHaki said:

That's a really cool idea, good implementation as well. I'll be glad to do it again once the bus route is implemented

}}

Did you play through once or more times? Did you get a bad ending or good? 😄

If anyone enjoys it or doesnt like it I would love to hear about it before I make a start on finishing it

*003*2026-01-10 13:30

I am aware there is most likely dead ends still that I have missed so If you come to a dead end that doesnt specifically say 'you fail' or 'you win' please let me know

Things that you say/ suggest is very likely to make the cut 😄

*009*2026-01-12 09:56

{{On 1/11/2026 at 3:02 AM, JimSpurs666 said:

Just finished and this is fantastic. I’d love in the main line for there to be more non accident options, such as peeing where you’re not to. I’d love some intentional peeing/omorashi adjacent endings

}}

Sounds good!

{{On 1/11/2026 at 2:25 AM, JimSpurs666 said:

Yes, absolutely *love* these, and your previous attempts. Please make more.

PS. Is there a way to play it on mobile

}}

Thank you! I am not sure about mobile though- I assume not unless I do a dedicated release thingy... that however would be beyond my expertise lol

To respond to all- Thank you 😄 I will continue with this and take into account what has been said - thank you for trying it 😄

I will upload the finished/ Next version here 😄

*013*2026-01-16 09:55

{{On 1/12/2026 at 11:04 PM, pwpj said:

I'm not sure if I found the solution. Is it obvious that you made it? Still I enjoyed the variety of different wettings... !

}}

Yeah I remember saying something like 'you have succeeded' or something like that

*016*2026-01-19 12:10

{{On 1/17/2026 at 9:14 AM, pwpj said:

I found it after a bit more playing.... which I very much enjoyed! The reason I ask is there's a maybe-unfinished ending where you're in the toilets, the bully argues with you but somebody else persuades them to let you go first.

}}

Ah yes i remember that one-- i think that is a leak ending where you 'make it' but dont actually make it properly...

{{On 1/18/2026 at 3:30 AM, JimSpurs666 said:

No rush but do you know when you’ll have more progress. Dying to watch the full thing

}}

I am very bad at predicting (I am like a much less talented george R R Martin lol) I have been busy recently so havent had much a chance to work on it but this is my new project I want to get finished 😄 That on top of trying to animate.

*020*2026-02-02 10:51

{{4 hours ago, MrMistyEyes said:

Super cool, love these! Question to the maker. In the beginning it says "your bladder is already feeling super tight and uncomfortable". What's the best way to start this story? I'm thinking maybe after a rapid desp buildup, or just having that pleasant "uncomfortable" fullness as mentioned.. Curious to hear your thoughts.

}}

Defo start as desperate as possible. the game is quite quick if you read quick so maybe start if you are already on the edge 😄

{{On 1/29/2026 at 1:00 AM, JimSpurs666 said:

I keep replaying this. Best thing on the site in ages

}}

I am really glad you are enjoying it! I am just writing more today so will hopefully have an update in the next week or two

&&&&

