The Holding Games (interactive version) - Page 2

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2025-11-06 07:08

I am still hotly anticipating how this continues.

*002*2025-11-06 20:47

THIS WILL CONTINUE I AM SO SORRY I HAVE BEEN SO BUSY- I ANTICAPATE NEXT WEEK EARLY ON!

*005*2025-12-22 10:54

{{8 hours ago, Nephrite said:

This was great. Will there ever be a continuation? We haven't forgotten you.

}}

Thank you! Yes I promise there will be - ou know how it is lol I have a draft of it already but it seems like/ work/ christmas prep has gotten in the way of it. This is not forgotten and I will come out with it (most likely after new years soz)

*007*2026-01-02 16:20

Round 4 (finally sorry)

Drink count:

Sienna: 6

Jenny: 4

Ignes: 4

"Welcome back ladies and gentlemen! It has been about half an hour since we last spoke to our competitors and let me tell you this... This round is looking to be our first intense round." He looks towards the contestants. Jenny is now practically dancing in her seat, Sienna now looks slightly queasy- she is leaning forward and has her legs crossed, Ignes is chewing her lip but remaining as cool as she always does. "Lets check in with them shall we?" The host waits for the audience to cheer and leads the camera over to Ignes first.

"Our dear Ignes - How are you feeling now? You leaked in the last round when I so cruelly pushed on your bladder but have remains stony ever since.. Please show is your wet spot" She opens her legs reluctantly and the audience collectively leans forward to look- The wet spot has mostly dried now and can barely be seen.

"I am feeling confident- I barely even need to pee" She says breezily "Unlike Sienna there" She smirks. The Host uses this chance to advance upon Sienna and ask her how she is doing. "Sienna- Sienna- It looks like you might have a slight need" He chides. "What do you expect?!" She blurts frustrated "I have had two more drinks than the others.. They are large cups. Larger than they look on TV" She seems to cool down a bit "But never mind- I will still win. Even if the odds are stacked against me- I am not the most desperate one by far anyways" She looks towards Jenny who as her hand between her legs - she cannot seem to sit still. The host walks over to Jenny "Oh Jenny- you are looking a little worse for wear" He laughs. 

She laughs as well- ever the good sport. "Well I am on pace to my normal game... I have more endurance than others assume I do" She glances to the other two. "I will win even if it looks like I am desperate... Plus I have the audience on my side" She stands up awkwardly and bows stiffly to the audience and then to the camera. "Thanks to all your votes, dear viewers I can spare my poor little bladder from having to drink two drinks this round!" She blows kisses to the audience. "This is true- this round Jenny will be spared from the next chug - you can thank yourselves for this dearest viewers, remember without you there would be no game- even if it does take us half an hour to come back after the ad break..." He winks an apologetic wink to the audience before continuing with the show.

"Now Lads and Ladess's... It is time for the chug- Please bring out the drinks!" Stage hand bring out two large drinks for Sienna and Ignes each. Sienna scowls and Ignes tried her best to mask the fear in her eyes as the drinks are placed down in front of them. "Now as you viewers who have tuned in before might know we do two timed challenges for the double drink round- this means if you fail to drink both drinks in both the time limits you will have to spin the wheel twice!" Ignes and Sienna balk at the mention of this and seem to steel themselves for a challenge. The timer starts and they start drinking their first drink. 

Sienna does this in time but Ignes fails yet again. She looks annoyed and upset but them quells the emotions. The second timer starts before either are ready and they both start chugging- it is clear halfway through that Ignes will not be able to down all the water and has to drink it slowly. Sienna also fails to drink it in time, she drinks with one hand whilst the other cradles her bladder. "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN - OUR VERY FIRST LOSS FOR SIENNA!! Not once has she lost a chug this entire year- it seems a bit of desperation and two glasses is what it takes to break her record. Nevertheless she has been very impressive to watch. Now this means Sienna has to spin the wheel of pain once whereas Ignes has to do it twice."

Ignes walks up to the wheel and spins it. It spins and spins and slows.. It lands 'Plank for 1 minute' She breathes a breath of relief as she is obviously okay with a little bit of exercise. "You seem relieved Ignes" The host questions her. "I do workouts every day- Movement helps me hold it, I am more worried for something like this one" She points at 'stand with legs apart for 2 minutes' "That is a tough one" The host laughs. Ignes does her plank with little emotion on her face or any struggle to keep her positioning in the plank. When she is done she clearly expects to spin the wheel again but the host stops her. "To even it out we will have Sienna do her spin and then go back to you." Sienna stands up slightly hunched and walks over to the wheel. She takes a deep breath and spins it. It spins and spins- when it stops the audience groan out of sympathy, the wheel stops on the smallest sliver of the board called 'Chair of despair'

"Oh wow... It has been a couple of years since anyone landed on the chair of despair... The last person who did was our lovely Kat - An amateur but a brave contender all the same. For those who didn't watch -she got all the way to the semi finals and found herself alone with Wendy Sinclair dubbed 'The Bladder Bulldozer'. Poor Kat was winning by all accounts- she had had less to drink, she wasn't holding her crotch" When the host says this Jenny takes her hand away from between her legs "If I remember correctly.. Wendy had leaked nearly to her knees and was on the edge of disqualification when Kat sat in the chair. She was strapped down and... Well gush city is all I can say..." The audience groan again- Kat was a favourite that year. "We still get complaint letters about that episode... OH WELL- ON WITH THE GAME"

The host prances up to Sienna and leads her to the chair that has just been brought onto the stage. She is strapped in by her arm and legs to the contraption and the host steps back. "2 minutes is the time to last" He says nervously. "I will stand back this time- I am pretty sure Kat got some in my eyes last time..." Sienna takes a deep breath and nods at the host who then clicks a button. The timer starts and Siennas legs are forced far apart by the chair- her light green underwear on full view. 

The audience members who know what comes next hold their breath. Suddenly to appendages pop out from the sides of the chair and jab Sienna in each side of her abdomen. She jolts painful but can barely move in the confines of the chair. The chair pulls back and then jabs again. And again. And again. Sienna looks torn between laughing and crying due to the forceful tickling, her light green underwear seems to stay dry for now. The chair suddenly goes double speed and Sienna starts making noises- whether laughs or despair the audience can't tell. There is movement under her panties as she fights her body and muscles with pure will power..

"Now the cruel part of the chair is that you cant even hold yourself-" The host says over the noises of Sienna. "You have to use pure mind to do so- you cant move at all... we haven't even gotten to stage 2..." As he says this the chair stops tickling her She pauses and catches her breath- her light green panties still light green although the fluttering under them seems to continue. The chair then deploys a restricting band around her bladder. It slowly tightens and tightens until Sienna is shaking and sweaty. The movement under her panties seem to flare exponentially at this. 

"For those with bad service or really far back in the audience - we can currently see Siennas.. erm... muscles relaxing and unrelaxing as she holds it in with pure will-power- her body is obviously fighting against her here.." The host whispers into the mic, there is only 30 seconds left on the timer when the chair stops restricting her bladder- it slacks for a second. "Sienna you are doing so well- still dry as we can ALL see under your dress... Now the shortest yet most cruel phase of the chair of despair... the part that is the killer.. Here is comes."

Sienna cries out raw emotion as the chair restricts again whilst tickling her. Her shaking and fighting the machine increases tenfold- she is the epitome of urgency and difficulty in this moment. With 10 seconds left her light green panties start to become a darker shade. "She is peeing herself" The host says sadly into the mic. "NO" Sienna cries out "It was ….. only.... a leak..." She struggles to talk as the machine jabs its last jabs and then releases her. She immediately covers her crotch with her hands and sits there squirming. When she is asked to take her hands away by the host there is a large wet patch on her panties - it also travelled onto the back of her dress skirting.

"Look at that ladies and gentlemen! She is still standing after that- the hardest challenge the wheel has to offer!! Oh yes this is the first time we have seen Sienna lose any form of control but this is also the first contestant who has survived the chair of despair in 7 years!! Everyone please give her a massive round of applause!!" Sienna looks around shakily and tries to stand up - she is bent at an angle but seems to sit down just fine on her regular chair. She inspects the wetness between her thighs and is apparently unhappy with the state of her soggy underwear, she takes them off and throws them into the crowd. She sits carefully to not show off her bare skin under the dress. The audience go wild at this and cheer for her pure vigour as the attention gets brought back to Ignes.

Ignes spins the wheel and it lands on 'take off an item of clothing' She chuckles out of distaste and asks the audience "well perverts - what do you want to see?" The host sees an opportunity for more interaction from the audience and shifts the rules slightly.. "Please reach out and let us know what Ignes should lose! As this round has been a long one for spins we will do our next game in Round 4.5 after the break... Don't worry folks its a long one! In the meantime please reach out and let us know what clothes Ignes should lose! We will see you very shortly!"

The girls and the host wave- Jenny bounces on her chair, Sienna leans forward with her legs crossed, Ignes crosses her arms and shifts ever so slightly in her chair...

Drink count:

Sienna: 8

Jenny: 4

Ignes: 6

Updated drawing of the characters in their current states will be uploaded soon.

