Omovember Day 2: Returning home after work

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-02 21:12

$$

"Remember! Don't be late for tomorrow! Or imma gonna have to dock your pay!" Wario said. Those words feel on deaf ears as Mona hastily made her way out of the office. She had one hand on her abdomen while running and her face as incredibly sweaty. She stopped in front of a door and groaned as she saw the out of order sign that had been standing there for several hours now.

"Oh. Why does Wario have to be so slow with these things?" Mona asked. As much as she admired and loved Wario,she was still able to see his flaws. And his laziness was definitely the one that bothered her the most. The drinks here were pretty delicious,but they had made their way to Mona's bladder during the remaining work hours and she hadn't had a chance to go for the rest of the day because of that very sign. Why Wario didn't get someone to fix it during those hours is something she chalked up to,again,his laziness.

"Oh! I need to hurry!" Mona said as she bolted to the Warioware Inc. Parking lot where her motor was waiting. She stopped in front of the motor and crossed her legs tighter. She was absolutely bursting and she wasn't sure she could make it all the way home. She looked around the parking lot and blushed.

"Nobody will notice. I don't think Wario will mind if..." Mona said as she carefully hid behind her motor. She lifted her red dress and grabbed the waist of her panties.

"Hey! Mona!"

...and then she hastily readjusted her dress and looked at the source of the voice. 9-Volt approached her with a smile.

"Oh! Hey! How are you doing little guy?" Mona asked.

"I'm fine. Just tired. Working here can be pretty difficult." 9-Volt said.

"....i agree. Wario really does expect perfection." Mona said,trying to hide how badly she needed to go.

"Well,i'm heading home now. I got a new game recently and i really want to continue playing it." 9-Volt said.

"Okay! Have a nice day!" Mona said as she watched the Nintendo fan skate away. She looked at the entrance and saw the other employees approaching the parking lot. Mona clicked her tongue.

"There's no way i can do it here with all of them watching..." Mona said to herself. She got onto her motor and took a few seconds to make sure her bladder was under control. Once she was sure,she took of at a speed that surprised the co-workers.

"Wow! She must really want to get home!" Dribble said.

Mona continued to drive forward while clenching her teeth. She wanted to got faster,but she didn't want to risk getting pulled over by one of the cops. She continued driving until she eventually had to stop at a crosswalk. A nearby person gave a signal and many kids began strolling across the crosswalk. A stroll that was to slow for Mona's liking.

"C'mon! Hurry!" Mona said, almost subconsciously pressing the horn on her motor. She used one of her hands to try and ease the pressure in her bladder. Eventually,the person signaled her to keep driving,which Mona happily did.She continued driving until she eventually came at another crosswalk-related stop.

"Aha! If it isn't Mona!" A voice said. Mona turned to her left and saw Vanessa standing there with a grin.

"Oh. H-Hi Vanessa!" Mona said.

"I really hope you've been practicing! Because i'm going to beat you at the next performance!" Vanessa said.

"Y-yeah. How nice." Mona said said as she kept her eyes on the passing cars.

"Don't "how nice" me! I WILL beat you this time! I've put a lot of thought in my songs and.." Vanessa said. However,Mona tuned her out to focus on the road. As soon as the cars stopped passing by...

"So watch out! Cause you are gonna-"

"Sorry! Gotta go! Bye!" Mona said and almost immediately,she zoomed away from Vanessa.

"H-Hey! Get back here! I wasn't done!" Vanessa said.

"Just a bit more! Just a bit more! Just a bit more!" Mona said as she continued driving. Eventually she arrived at her house. Or more accurately: Her mansion. She hastily stepped off her bike and took of her helmet. She approached the door with both hands on her crotch and she pulled out the key from her jacket.

The door was unlocked. She hastily took off her jacket and dashed through the hallways of her mansion. But her running came to a stop by a sudden spasm in her bladder.

"Ahh! No!" Mona stood still and tightly crossed legs. Mona saw a few shadows in the corner of her eyes. She looked and saw her pets standing there. A pig,and elephant and a monkey.

"Oh! Hey! I-i'm fine! I'm just...ngh..." Mona said as she tried to move forward. However,she felt another spasm.

"Ahh! I can't hold it! I need to go now!" Mona blurted out. But the bathroom was still so far away. Oh the drawbacks of having a massive home. Mona's Monkey put on his glasses and looked around. He then hopped away entered another door. Mona didn't understand why,but she tried to take another step forward. However,she felt yet another spasm. Causing her to stiffen up one again.

"Oh! I'm so close!" Mona said as she stood still. She was too scared to move now. However,her Monkey soon returned with a bucket in it's hand. He then placed it in front of Mona and backflipped.

"Huh? You want me to go in that? That's-ahhh!" Mona said as she squeezed her bladder again. She wanted to protest against it,but her bladder was protesting HER decision not to. She hastily stood over the bucket and lifted up her dress. Her red panties were already a little bit wet and if the didn't act now,they were gonna be even wetter. She quickly pulled them down and threw them to the side. A spurt escaped and landed inside the bucket. She quickly sat down and immediately lost control.

"Haaaaaaaah!" Mona said. Her face had turned completely red and she had a look of pure bliss. All the pressure had built up during work hours escaped her body and crashed into the bucket. Her pets watched in awe as their owner continued to relieve herself inside the bucket. It went on for quickly awhile,way longer than they had ever peed. Eventually,the sound inside the bucket weakened and Mona let out one satisfied sigh.

"Oh! That's much better." She said. She then looked to her side and saw her pets staring at her.

"S-Sorry you had to see that! It's not something I usually do! Don't copy me!" Mona said as she pointed at her pets. The pets giggled and gave her a thumbs up.

"Umm...Can you guys maybe get me some toilet paper?" Mona asked. The Monkey gave two thumbs up and hopped away again. Mona looked at the panties she threw away and sighed.

"Wario really needs to hire someone to fix the toilets faster."

*004*2022-04-14 18:01

{{22 hours ago, Kingofkong said:

Wonder if the monkey stole the bucket from wario, you know, referencing mario and wario. Not sure if that was the point, but that's my headcanon. Nice writing!

}}

Thanks.

I didn't have Mario and Wario in mind when making this, But i think that's a nice headcanon.

