Enemies

Author: Omolover222

*000*2024-02-18 11:39

All characters are over 18!

Lucas squirmed in his seat. His bladder was so, so full and it felt like it was about to burst. His tight jeans, which accentuated his penis bulge, now compressed his bladder, which was containing over a litre of hot urine, which he had been holding for over an hour.

He glanced at the clock... only ten minutes were left. He could do that. Once the bell rang, he would race down to the toilet, head to the toilet, undo his belt, whip out his dick, and pee.

Suddenly, a spurt of urine interrupted his thoughts. He squeezed his thighs together to stop the involuntary flow of urine. He was able to stop the flow but was even more desperate than before. He slowly moved his legs apart to inspect the damage. There was no wet spot on his jeans yet, but his boxers felt damp.

He crossed his legs and bounced his knee, staring at the clock, longing for the bell to ring.

Meanwhile...

Nasir grabbed his crotch and bounced around in his seat. His bladder was also full to the brim and contained the several large bottles of tea he had been drinking throughout the day. His sweatpants also showed his large penis bulge, and was so tight you could see the head of it. He was too desperate to act discrete and his teacher had refused him access to the toilets, even though he couldn't hold it anymore. His briefs felt damp around the crotch and a small wet patch at appeared on his sweatpants.

Another spurt of pee erupted from his penis and he squeezed tighter to stop it.

"Please, please can I go to the toilet?" asked Nasir, on the verge of tears.

The class tittered and his teacher refused.

Ten Minutes Later...

The bell rang and the teacher allowed Nasir to go early. He scrambled out as his tired bladder began to release some urine and he squeezed his penis tighter as he tried to clench his bladder muscle. He raced to the toilet but found only one stall working (the others were out of order) just as Lucas raced over.

"I have got here first!" protested Lucas as he tried to get in first.

"No I did!" replied Nasir, "And I have to pee more!"

"No, I do!"

"No, me!"

"Me!"

The two began to fight over the restroom, but in that time another person rushed into the restroom.

"Look what you did!" groaned Lucas as he potty danced outside.

"No, look what you did!" moaned Nasir as his bladder began to release involuntarily, "I'm peeing myself."

Lucas turned around and saw the hottest sight in the world: Nasir was pissing himself. The urine was spurting out of him so quickly. Nasir lifted his shirt and Lucas could still see his massive bladder bulge. The sight turned him on and he started to get erect. Nasir was holding so much and he still had to go. Nasir groaned as his bladder finally released its contents. He was standing in a massive puddle of urine and his sweatpants and pants were drenched.

And Lucas could see Nasir's penis bulge even more clearly since he had wet. Each detail was visible, including the tip. The incident made Lucas have to pee even more and he banged on the door as the other person left, looking slightly embarrassed.

Lucas rushed in without even locking the door and tried to undo his belt but it was stuck. His own bladder was beginning to give up and a slow but steady stream of urine was trickling out of him, dampening his jeans. He grabbed himself tightly and turned to Nasir who was watching him with a hungry expression on his face.

"Can... can you help me with my belt?" begged Lucas.

Nasir grinned evilly.

"I don't know, can I?" he said, his own cock beginning to get erect over this sight. And Nasir had a huge cock.

"Please!" begged Lucas once more, managing to maintain a very painful control of his pee, but a sizeable amount still being held back by his hand squeezing his own modest cock.

"OK," grinned Nasir, "You're going to need to remove your hands,"

Lucas bit his lip as he did so and some pee that leaked out flooded his jeans.

Nasir pushed down on Lucas's bladder as he pretended to fix it. Lucas groaned and moaned and danced on the spot but there was no stopping it this time. He was too desperate.

Urine flooded out of Lucas's modest cock and soaked his jeans as he too, wet himself.

Eventually, all that was left were two equally turned on boys, both soaking wet in their own piss, both dicks fully erect. Nasir and Lucas rushed into the working stall and the two of them admired their wet patches. Nasir pulled down his briefs and sweatpants, revealing a hefty, circumcised 7" cock. Lucas pulled down his own boxers and jeans and revealed an uncut 4" cock. The two of them admired each others cock as well as each others holding ability.

"This was fun," admitted Lucas, blushing.

"I've got an idea," said Nasir naughtily, "you come over to mine and we do a holding challenge. Whoever tries to hold the longest wins."

"What do they win?" asked Lucas

"The right to control the other's peeing for the day." said Nasir.

"I'm in," replied Lucas.

The two were interuppted by a banging at the door.

"Please hurry it up! I can't hold it anymore!"

*002*2024-02-19 16:29

ENEMIES 2: THE TRIP

Lucas and Nasir may be attracted to each other but that didn't mean they were friends. Their relationship was purely driven by lust, lust to see the other lose control of an agonisingly full bladder, for the urine to soak through the others trousers until their cocks were visible. Then, to see the others erect, throbbing cock, drenched in its own fluids.

The four and a half hour trip from London up to Plymouth was an amazing opportunity for that. The trip was meant to be done at Plymouth's beaches, to investigate the effects of trash on beach life, but to the two, it was a good way of getting desperate.

The coach set off at ten o'clock and both Lucas and Nasir had been guzzling water during their first lesson. By the time the two got on the coach next to each other, Lucas's bladder was half full – rapidly filling and Nasir's was full. Even though Nasir had drank more, he had snuck a diuretic into Lucas's drink, so more urine would be pumped into his bladder.

Lucas wore tan trousers, very tight, which showed off his modest dick bulge as well as the complicated belt which would compress any full bladder. This was done with a white shirt. Nasir wore his trademark green sweatpants, which showed his absolutely massive cock but did not squeeze his bladder. However, Nasir did not wear underpants, so Lucas could see some detail of Nasir's immense cock.

It had been about two hours into the journey and Lucas and Nasir were desperate. The diuretic Nasir used was very powerful and his bladder was full of piss. Nasir's own heavy drinking had pumped in heavy piss into his bladder. Several other students were also in need of a restroom, and the coach began to pull into the restroom.

Nasir leaned over, "I bet you can't wait until Plymouth!"

"Of course I can!" hissed Lucas indignantly, "I'm not peeing until I get to Plymouth."

"But then you'll pee first. And I'll win!" said Nasir.

"That's where you're wrong. I'm not peeing until you've pissed yourself," said Lucas.

"Sure," said Nasir, "But I doubt your bladder muscles can match your words."

"You're on!" said Lucas, as the other students headed off to the toilets to take a much needed toilet break.

The two of them waited patiently in their seats, kidneys continuously pumping urine into their bladders as their other students peed.

To Be Continued... Leave ideas below.

*004*2024-02-19 20:31

{{1 hour ago, eucoloco said:

First of all I love doing such things to myself (play online, post, etc. Haven't had the chance in person yet)

I love maleomo fiction. It's VERY creative they being lover enemies. So hot.

About suggestions. Oh, so much potential. They surely should suffer so so much before simply wet.

The trip could delay due to traffic accident on the road... and as the others want the toilet agai already, they're shut and dry, ...in a bad luck day as the two of them remain on the bus, the door could malfunction and trap the two inside with everybody watching them from the outside waiting for the repair..and so on lol

Lovely. Congrats

}}

Thanks so much for your kind words!

*005*2024-02-21 17:12

I was considering showing some scenes of mass desperation but decided against it because the focus is on Nasir and Lucas. Maybe in a future entry...

The coach was just half an hour out from the hotel where the students would be staying. To say Lucas and Nasir were full would be an exaggeration.

Lucas's bladder was full to bursting of the liquids he had filled himself with earlier and the subsequent ones he had consumed as the diuretics had forced the liquids through his system. His bladder contained more fluids than it had ever done in his whole life, containing even more than when he and Nasir has pissed themselves in front of each other. The memories still drew blood to his cock.

Nasir's own bladder was very full, but not nearly as full as Lucas's. That being said, his bladder still bulged out of his stomach and had they not known each other, Nasir would be begging for a bathroom by now. It was worth noting that Nasir had held more before. The day he and Lucas had pissed himself in front of each other, Nasir had been holding more. And the fateful day, the fateful day which had started their enemy relationship... that day, Nasir had been holding, way, way more...

But he couldn't think about an old accident. He had to focus on not having an accident now. And maybe getting Lucas back to. He did seem very desperate, with two hands grabbing his cock and himself squirming around. Nasir was not holding himself, but had his massive cock smashed between his thighs.

"Girl bladder," he hissed and Lucas stiffened.

"What?" asked Lucas.

"Girl bladder," said Nasir, "You can't even hold your pee without grabbing yourself."

Lucas let go of his cock, tears rushing to his eyes as he struggled to hold back his tsunami without any help. To Nasir's delight, his movements had tightened his jeans around his cock and Nasir could see it.

"N-now whose the girly bladder?" asked Lucas, trembling from his need, "You're the one squeezing your legs together."

Nasir opened his thighs and lifted his shirt to show his bladder, bulging out of his stomach. Lucas lifted his and Nasir gasped. Lucas's bladder was like a bowling bowl in his abdomen.

The two of them sat as still as they could until the bus went over a bump. Lucas's hands shot to his dick and he squeezed hard whilst Nasir's thighs slammed together. The two of them focused on keeping themselves dry as the bus came to a stop...

To be continued...

And a little peek at the next entry/entries!

Spoiler

The coach gets stuck due to traffic. More people get desperate. Caution female omo. The coach pulls into the hotel, with person having already wet. A long line causes Nasir and Lucas to seek alternate relief. Lucas pees on a tree. Nasir is forced to hold until the first activity in a river. Nasir pees in the hotel lobby, in front of everyone.

