Emergency Pullups

Author: omofan5

*000*2023-09-08 23:52

Carla looked ahead out of her windshield. In front of her she could see the line of cars stretched for miles. This was truly standstill traffic, a state her and her daughters have been in for more than thirty minutes.

“Ugh, this is so boring!” Her youngest, red headed daughter Izzy said. The girl was 18 now but still as impatient as ever. But by the way she was fidgeting in her seat, Carla suspected the girl wasn’t just suffering from boredom.

“I wonder what happened to cause this?” One of her other daughters, Gabi pondered. Gabi was a 20 year old brunette and sitting in the front seat next to Carla, her twin sister Hanna sat in the back alongside Lizzy. And unlike her ginger younger sister she wasn't being quiet about what she needed.

“It better start moving soon, God, I need to PEEEE!” Hanna cried, stomping her feet for dramatic effect.

As Carla surveyed their surroundings, she saw that there weren’t any options for them to sneak off and relieve themselves privately. There were only miles and miles of farmland stretching off in every direction. Ironically enough there was a rest stop only a few miles ahead, but who knew when traffic would start moving them towards it again?

“Sorry Hanna, you’re just gonna have to hold it I guess.” Carla consoled her daughter. This was a common problem when the girls were younger, long car trips often led to having to pull over somewhere private, or in rare instances, deep cleaning the seats and outfit changes. Carla remembers that one time before an especially long trip, she packed a pair of pull-ups for the girls to use if the situation got that dire. In fact, she’s not sure if she ever got rid of them.

Carla looked back through the rear view mirror again. Hanna had both her hands pressed between her legs, up against the crotch of her blue jeans. Her legs bounced wildly as she held back hours of pee. Izzy was still more subtle, but she had a concerned look on her face as she slowly shuffled her freckled legs around trying to find comfort, adjusting the hem of her green shorts. Even Gabi in the passenger seat next to her seemed uncomfortable, her hands resting on her gray leggings, fists opening and closing in an attempt to distract herself.

“You girls remember that time I brought pull-ups along on our trip to the beach? When you were younger?” Carla asked.

“Yeah. Wow I wish we had those now.” Hanna laughed, getting a glare from her younger sister.

“You can’t be serious, you’d actually use one of those?” Izzy asked incredulously.

“I mean, yeah!” Hanna told her. “I’ve never had to pee this bad before I swear I’m about to piss myself!”

“Well, I think I still might have some in the trunk.” Carla told them.

Hanna almost jumped out of her seat to turn around and look in the trunk. But the sudden movement was clearly not a good idea. Carla was turned around and could see a tiny wet patch already visible on the crotch of her daughter's jeans, and the patch got a new glistening wet spot as Hanna fumbled around in the messy trunk, before she finally emerged holding the opened pack of pull-ups.

“Oh thank God!” Hanna yelled. She pulled one of the pull-ups out of the package, it was pink and small. Carla wondered if it would even fit on her girls, even though they were all fairly petite.

But Hanna wasn’t worried about that right now. She undid her fly and tore her jeans down as fast as she could, as she struggled to get them off her feet Carla could see that her daughter's blue panties were even more wet than her jeans, and a large glistening wet patch ran a quarter of the way up them. Before it got any bigger though, Hanna pulled the pull-ups up her slender legs. They were a snug fit, especially since they were over her panties, but once they were on Hanna sat back in her seat and relaxed.

A loud unmistakable hissing noise filled the car, Hanna moaned as she finally released the piss she had been holding for hours into her panties and the pull-ups she had on over top. The pull-ups swelled with the sheer amount of piss she emptied into them. The pink material yellowed as it stuck out. Finally finished, Hanna looked relieved and grateful.

“Wow, I had to go so bad.” Hanna said, poking the puffed up pull-up between her legs. A little bit leaked out of the sides and so she stopped, turned back around and rummaged through the trunk again. Carla could see more piss leak down her legs, and she could see the shock painted all over Izzy’s face. Hanna got a beach towel and put it under her butt before sitting back down in her seat.

“I can’t believe you just did that!” Izzy told her sister.

“Look it was either that or piss my fucking jeans, not a hard choice if you ask me.” Hanna snapped back. Izzy just rolled her eyes and stared out the window. Carla thought she looked even more desperate now, her left hand hadn’t moved from her crotch ever since Hanna started peeing. Maybe the noise and sight of her sister's relief made Izzy have to go even more?

“Well there’s only one pull-up left in the pack. Does anyone want it?” Hanna asked, holding the pack of diapers.

“No. I’m not using that.” Izzy grumbled, before pushing her legs together even closer.

“What about you Gabi?” Hanna asked.

“Umm, maybe?” Gabi said. She was always the shyest of the three, contrasting with her outgoing twin and her bratty younger sister. But Carla could see she was clearly considering it, she hadn’t used the bathroom in hours either, and was clearly desperate.

“Maybe just in case?” Carla offered. Gabi just nodded, and took the pull-up out of her twin sister's hand. Carla averted her eyes as her daughter pulled down her pants and panties and slipped the diaper up her legs. When Carla stared back at Izzy she could swear the girl was looking at the empty pack of pull-ups on the floor of the car, possibly regretting her decision.

Gabi pulled her pants back up over the pull-up, and blushed furiously as she held her pink panties tightly in her hands. She didn’t see any reason to sacrifice them like Hanna was forced to do, but the odd material of the pull-up was clearly alien to her. Carla couldn’t tell if she was shuffling in her seat from desperation or from discomfort.

It didn’t even take five minutes for that distinctive hissing noise to begin to fill the car again. Gabi blushed furiously and stared out the window. Her stream was even stronger and louder than her twins, ironic coming from the quiet one. But that’s when the quiet one interrupted the silence herself.

“Oh crap it’s leaking!” She said, and Carla could look over and see the dark rivulets forming around the crotch of her daughter's pants.

“Hanna, get her another towel please!” Carla told her daughter in the backseat. Hanna once again threw herself over the seat, wet pull-up covered butt in the air as she rummaged through the trunk for another bath towel. She ended up grabbing two, and threw one to the front seat.

Gabi lifted her butt in the air, and Carla could see that most of the leaks were covering her ass, with a wet patch large enough to make it look like she pissed herself visible on the gray fabric. Gabi sat back down and buried her head in her hands, burning red at the fact that she could barely even save her leggings.

When Carla looked in the rear view mirror this time, she saw Izzy with her feet up on the seat, and the other towel that Hanna had grabbed balled up and pressed against her shorts. She was silently staring out the window, as if she was pretending she wasn’t dying to pee. Carla couldn’t see it, but she knew there must have been a large wet spot on the girl's green shorts. Izzy rocked back and forth, still silently ignoring everyone. Tears welled in her eyes as she rubbed her legs around the balled up towel, she was trying so hard to hold it.

“Izzy…” Carla began before being cut off.

@@“I’m fine!” Izzy snapped. Everyone knew that wasn’t true, but no point in arguing. Then, for the third time in just a few minutes, they all heard that hiss again. Only this time it wasn’t muffled by a pull-up, it was louder. Izzy sobbed as she fought to regain control. She sat on top of the balled up towel, hoping gravity would help her press to hold it in, but it was hopeless. Her green shorts quickly became so soaked that they were see-through, her black panties now visible as the piss kept pouring out of her and into the blue beach towel beneath. She pissed for the longest out of any of them, it was so much that the towel became saturated, and it spilled out all over her legs and down onto the seat. Once she was done, she gingerly moved the towel out from her crotch. Trying her best to hold it in the spots not soaked in urine, even though there were few. She was silent aside from small sniffles as she folded the towel out underneath her and cringed as it made a loud squishing noise when she sat down.

As if it all was a bad joke, this is when traffic decided to start moving again. Nobody chose to comment on this irony, nor did they ask to stop at the nearest rest stop. But Carla decided to stop anyways, and while she was there, maybe pick up another pack of pull-ups.

