Omovember Day 7: Peeing at the Beach

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-09 10:43

$$

(Sorry for posting this late. I haven't been feeling well the past few days.)

"It seems i really misjudged this planet. It's truly beautiful." Celeste said.

"I'm glad you think so. And i'm glad you decided to keep visiting." Her date said.

"I'm happy too. It's a nice place to relax after taking a break from my usual bounty hunting." Celeste replied. "It's a bit difficult to sneak here,but it's worth it."

"Well,Maybe you should be more careful. I think one of my uhh..friends...is onto you. She claims to have seen your ship landing here at night." The date replied.

"Is that so?" Celeste said while taking a sip from her drink. Right now the two were resting at a more isolated part of the beach. Celeste and her species were nocturnal,so she was only really able to go hang out with her human during night time.

"Well,once again. I've had a good time. You and your species have surpassed my expectations." Celeste said.

"......thanks?" Her date said. Not sure how to react to that. The human looked at the sky and then at their watch.

"It's getting pretty late. I should head home soon." The human said.

"What a shame. i was hoping we could return to your quarters." Celeste said,a blush visible on her face. It kinda surprised you just how many human-like qualities she had.

"I..wish to umm...get a closer look at the human body." Celeste said,looking at her date with her eyes half closed. Her date blushed and returned the expression.

"Well,i can still make some time." Her date said. Her date got up and motioned her to follow them. Upon getting up,Celeste winced.

"Ugh...Those drinks. They're so tasty,but they fill up your bladder so fast." Celeste said. She had drunk quite a lot during her date with a human. And while she was no stranger to holding her pee for long periods of time,she still had a limit. She was able to ignore the pressure throughout their date,But now she was getting close to her limit.

"Celeste? Are you coming?" Her date asked. Now out of her thoughts,Celeste powered through the pressure and followed her date. Her date checked to see if the coast was clear and then gave her a signal. Celeste looked around. One of the main drawbacks of her earth dates was the fact that she had a limited amount of areas she could go to without being seen. The lavatories were located inside the very buildings she had to avoid. And for as long as she had been at the beach,she has never found a lavatory. The two continued walking at a leisurely pace. Celeste wasn't sure she could hold it until they reached the human's residence,as every step she took was agonizing.

"Hey,Celeste? Is everything alright back there?" The human asked.

"Oh...i guess my movements must've given me away. I really did underestimate earthlings." She thought to herself. Seeing no benefit in hiding it....

"My bladder is reaching its limit. Is there a lavatory nearby?" Celeste asked.

"Well,there's the restrooms on the bar near the beach. But that place is usually pretty busy at night." The human replied.

"So,i only see 3 options right now. You can hide behind something,you can go in the water or you'll have to hold it until we get back." The human said. Celeste contemplated her options. Her bladder was reaching its limit and her swimsuit had just finished drying,she didn't want to get it wet again. And she has had to go outdoors during a few of her missions. She nodded and chose the first option.

"Very well,i need to find suitable cover first." Celeste said.

"Oh,what about that boulder?" The human said while pointing. Celeste turned around to see a boulder close to the water. She nodded and approached the boulder.

"Please stand there and keep guard." Celeste said. Her date complied and stood next to the boulder. Celeste stood behind the builder and looked at her swimsuit. It was a one piece. So if she wanted to urinate, She had no choice but to take it all of. Blushing a little, Celeste began loosening her swimsuit. The upper hall fell down,revealing her blue breasts and shortly after that,she pulled down the lower half of of swimsuit,exposing her pussy which had a star shaped shaped bush. She took of her suit and placed it on top of the boulder. The wind blew across her naked body,causing her to blush and shiver. A small trickle of pee escaped,causing her to let out a moan and cross her legs.

She quickly stepped into the shallow water below and spread her legs. Almost immediately, A small trickle of pee landed in the water and then turned into a full stream. Celeste spread her lips and leaned back a little. She let out a sigh and looked at the stream as it made a powerful splash against the water below. Over her years as a bounty hunter,she found out that peeing while standing up is a lot more convenient than having to squat and she always enjoyed doing it like that whenever the opportunity presented itself. And there was no snow here,so she was able to do it without the risk of someone noticing it. Of course,her date was nearby and they knew. But they're the one who suggested the idea....

Celeste continued to admire her stream until it soon weakened and came to a complete stop. She reached for her swimsuit and began putting it back on. Her date was still standing near the boulder. They weren't looking,but they heard the sound their alien date was making. And apparently they weren't the only person who knew she was peeing.

"Yooooooo! She just peed while standing up!" A high pitched voice said,one that the date recognized. Kyu the love fairy,the very person responsible for helping them set up their dates. Her words caused the human to turn around for a bit. Nobody other than them could see the love fairy,so it's not like her announcement caught celeste off guard.

"You should've seen this! It is quite a sight to behold." Kyu said.

"You know there are plenty of girls that can do that,right?" The human asked,making sure his voice stayed quiet.

"Oh...and how to you know that?" The love fairy said with a sly smile,causing the player to blush. Celeste soon came from behind the boulder.

"I am finished." Celeste said.

"Alright,now then. Shall we go?" The human asked. Celeste followed the human and the two continued sneaking around to reach the Humans home. While sneaking around,Celeste had a thought.

"I wonder. Would he have been interested in seeing me do it?" Celeste said,blushing as she remembered that he was nearby while she was peeing.

