Peeropolis or Two Friends Road Tripping Across a Pee Related Dystopia

Author: Omopees

*000*2024-03-13 06:46

HI everyone welcome to the beginning I hope you all enjoy, it's a bit of a slow start. this is mostly laying the ground work so next time I write it can be much faster into it. I hope you enjoy.

"A six-way hypothetical binding?" Alice swore, staring at the figures on the diagram before her. "Not even accounting for the kinetic or material ones either," Violet, a tall, lanky girl, said from the corner of Alice's dorm; she was sitting on the floor, legs akimbo, a space already cluttered with textbooks, clothes, and half-finished magical contraptions ." I don't suppose you happen to have a small nuclear reactor hiding under all these clothes. Otherwise I don't see how we'll manage. Some countries thrive on less energy, whole nations, Alice". 

Glancing out the yellow curtains onto the quad outside, Violet couldn't help but feel like she was drowning. The penalty for failure on the senior project meant expulsion, staff snapped, memory wiped, and being left with nothing- the whole deal. And yet, only a few days from the due date, they had nothing nada; they couldn't even get out of the 80th percentile dimensions. 

Alice ran her hands through her unkempt hair. If she had known majoring in magic technically –Applied Interdisciplinary Arcanum-- in university would require a graduate-level understanding of physics and math to do anything, she would have just stuck to her plan of a business administration degree and abdicated herself of any academic rigour beyond what a precocious third grader would've found difficult. Eschewing her brief moment of indulgent self-pity, Alice turned to her friend and project partner, Violet. `There's no way around it. We need to open it up to the other side.

There's bound to be something leaking power, and we can hop there". Their senior project was trying to reach the further multiverse; decades ago, researchers had figured out how to dimension hop; however, the multiverse, as it turned out, wasn't a random assortment of possibilities. The likelihood of their own universe's unique configuration was staggeringly high, making the immediate neighbouring dimensions and indeed most dimensions -Some infinities being bigger than other infinities- eerily similar to theirs.

The true challenge, then, was not merely to hop dimensions but to reach further, to breach a few standard deviations into significantly different universes. This endeavour required an astronomical amount of energy.

"If we sort of just siphon some energy off a leaky dimension, what, Voilà? We spent nothing; we wouldn't even have to contribute anything?" Violet asked skeptically. One of the first principles taught was that magic never came free. Nothing proffered, nothing gained, was just as true in the physical sense as in the philosophical as well. "Allice, how do you plan on this not being a giant glowing "come to eat us" sign to every eldritch god in the area?" In retrospect, they would reflect on this moment in the decades to come when they decided to make it one way, not concerning how they would get back, the moment they both chose to chase after the white rabbit into the rabbit hole. Hoping to find a warren filled other quite queer talking animals with pocket watches and instead plunging headfirst into wonderland.

Arcanum had a rich history of its pedagogy being taught at only the most prestigious universities. Every Ivy had a magic department, Standford as well; across the ocean, there was Cambridge, Oxford, and even Edinburgh, but only Etten University had the proud distinction of being the only university that accepted the well, not the best. Alice had heard that at Brown, there were massive indoor atriums that mirrored a perfect June day every day; they had a whole committee of experts in every field of magic reviewing everyone's thesis inside and out. Etten had cold, frozen grass that crunched under your feet as you trudged out towards the football fields that, for just this one afternoon, were booked away from the normals. 

Prof. Trumbull, an excitable man in a brown suit and bow tie, still had to get through around 200 projects just today despite his best efforts at being a good professor. So when he met Alice and a Violet already in the process of a six-way binding, he let out a quiet sigh, his breath steaming from his frozen lips, "Ah, you two. What do we have here? Some trans-dimensional door, is it? I don't suppose you've solved the car—uh, portal sickness problem? I can hardly stand those things. It makes my commute a nightmare."

But then, his eyes widened as he looked at the project for the first time and stumbled backward. "Stop this at once! You have no idea what you're doing—you'll suck us all in!" In a panic, his hands shaking, he drew his staff and began to strike the ground sigil, summoning lightning and fire to disrupt the spell. Alice and Violet struggled to resist the force of the wind that was steadily pushing them towards the center of the portal. Despite their attempts to cease their efforts, their lips kept moving, and the incantation continued to flow out of them involuntarily. 

The harder they resisted, the stronger the wind became, until it was nearly impossible to withstand. Suddenly, the wind intensified, and they were both pulled into the portal, disappearing from view in an instant. Violet struggled to resist the force of the wind that was steadily pushing them towards the center of the portal. Despite their attempts to cease their efforts, their lips kept moving, and the incantation continued to flow out of them involuntarily. The harder they resisted, the stronger the wind became, until it was nearly impossible to withstand. Suddenly, the wind intensified, and they were both pulled into the portal, disappearing from view in an instant.

Alice lay flat on her back, head ringing; saying she had had better days was putting it mildly. Briefly reflecting on Schrödinger's Cat, maybe life was like that if she didn't open her eyes; perhaps the cruel reality of her being stuck in god knows what dimension with no way home would remain hypothetical. Soon enough, she felt a hand on her shoulder, and Alice cracked open her eyes slowly to see Violet squatting down next to her, but instead of the sky, there was nothing but an unyielding grey concrete ceiling above them. The room appeared to be some storage, the air was tainted with a strange, unmistakable scent of urine. "where are we?" Alice managed her mouth dry as dirt; how long had she been out?

"I only woke up a few minutes before you" Violet shrugged.

On closer inspection, the room provided no information other than some rather odd-looking uniforms where they were in a school of some kind. Alice wondered, but no, this didn't have the vibe of a school. Alice slowly got to her feet, steadying herself against a nearby shelf. "We need to get out of this room," she said, her voice steadier now. Alice approached the door and slowly cracked it open. She saw a train station with the unmistakable hustle and bustle of one, so she motioned toward Violet and slowly, they crept out of the closet.

Surveying the scene, Violet quietly observed, "Where are all the men? There's not a single one here." Alice frowned, "Maybe this is a reverse sexism universe: all the men have to stay at home or something." Violet sighed, "To hell with it," and she stepped out.

Violet approached a young woman around her age, 19 or maybe 20, who was subtly crossing and uncrossing her legs. When Violet approached, to her surprise, the woman turned to her. The first thing Violet noticed was the woman's eyes were a striking shade of purple, resembling hard chips of amethyst. Her complexion was strange; while most people's skin tones ranged from pale white to black, this woman's skin had a unique hue; hers had a faint blue tint like she'd be blue properly if she got more tan. The woman flung herself at Violet's feet, bowing deeply. 

"My lord, it is both surprising and humbling to see you here; may I inquire how one of the Grandeur Danes themselves here?" the woman quivered, her voice trembling. "If ever I may be of assistance, it would be my honour to help." Startled, Violet took a step back. Violet gestured towards Alice, and she walked over when the woman said to Alice, "Oh my lord, two members of the Grandeur, how may I be of service." Alice frowned. "Please stop talking like that," instantly, a flash of fear came across the woman's face. Instantly, a flash of fear crossed the woman's face. "Oh, I am so sorry. I won't address you in such a manner again. It's just that I've only met a few of your lordships in my lifetime," she stammered, cutting herself off as if worried she'd spoken out of turn.

"No, no, it's fine. What's your name?" Violet asked, aiming to ease the tension.

The woman stood up, crossing and uncrossing her legs again, "My name is Emma, ma'am," she replied, her voice still carrying a note of unease but a faint glimmer of hope. "Listen, Emma, there's no need to be nervous. We're not here to cause you any harm. We have a few questions about this place. We ended up here by accident and found ourselves somewhat stranded. We're hoping you could help us out by answering a few questions?" Alice spoke as relaxed and understanding as possible, aiming to put Emma at ease and establish a friendly rapport. It seemed to be working, but then Alice asked what seemed like an innocent question. "Do you know where we might get something to drink around here?" Suddenly, a change flickered in Emma's eyes—hope mingled with fear, an unusual combination of emotions.

"Oh, my lordship, I am so sorry I didn't think of this sooner," Emma said, her voice trembling now. "It would be an honour to serve you a drink. I've been holding it for about two weeks. I was scheduled to get leaked in another three days. Of course, I cannot do so without the permission of the Peerage, but it would be an honour to serve you." Alice frowned, not understanding what the girl said," Um, yes, you can serve us a drink." Emma's eyes welled up with tears. "Thank you, thank you. It hurts so much," she expressed, her relief palpable yet mingled with distress. Then, she looked expectantly at Alice, awaiting a response.

"What am I supposed to do?" Alice asked, clearly bewildered by Emma's behaviour and the gravity of her words.

Once again overtaken by fear, Emma hastily explained, "Oh, of course, the Grandeur would never stoop so low as to perform this task themselves. "Simply press on my hand and permit me so my biomods can unlock," Emma instructed, her voice trembling with anticipation.

Still bewildered by the unfolding events, Alice hesitantly reached out and pressed her hand against Emma's wrist. Immediately, a smooth, female robotic voice chimed in, "Peerage detected. How much would you like to release?"

"Um, 100%?" Alice responded, her voice laden with uncertainty.

Emma quickly snatched her hand away, mouthing a silent 'thank you.' Then, to Alice's and Violet's astonishment, she began to move her skirt aside and produced a cup from her bag. Emma's last bit of control seemed to vanish in the next moment. and into her panties, a few drops of urine started to trickle out, darkening her grey panties to the shock of Alice and Violet, then soon enough, a torrent of urine. 

She quickly filled both cups and then moaned like an animal, pissing on the floor with abandon; Alice had no idea how badly Emma needed to pee, but from the reaction, it was more than anything she had ever experienced. Alice watched Emma rub her panties in an almost sexual manner; the scene continued for a full two minutes. She just kept peeing, an enormous puddle formed around her. Emma finally finished the last few drops settling into her panties, which were now seemingly more pee the cotton. She looked at them, her expression filled with gratitude. "I haven't had a properly empty bladder in ten years. Thank you so much," she said softly, her voice relieved. She then collapsed into her own puddle and fell asleep.

(I edited slightly to improve the writing and grammar, I think I spelled "frown" wrong like 3 times for some reason lol. and call someone by the wrong name like twice, along side host of other punction errors this hopefully fixed the major ones. I'm sure a few got through the cracks but it is much better then it was. I also changed one paragraph above to put a little bit more meat on the world building. anyway thanks bye)

*002*2024-03-15 07:16

{{On 3/13/2024 at 5:48 AM, Lady Selene said:

This story seems very interesting, I really like stories with dystopian alternative universes. It reminds me a bit of the old science fiction shows I watched with my dad when I was little, even if those weren't omorashi themed 😄

}}

Yeah I'm a huge nerd, this is 100% inspired by like pulpy sci-fi novels. One of the things I'm trying to balance as I write more is my nerd plot brain sci fi brain and this being an ertoica site. I think ultimately having a omorashi sci-fi story that takes itself semi seriously is at least more interesting then me writing more generic erotica. Now if it will be good that's another story.

