Ask NPM's Charazzy! - Page 3

Author: OasisOnLock

*050*2020-06-13 22:20

{{23 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Mind if I rub your bladder bulge, Asriel?

}}

Asi: P-Pardon me?

Asriel shot an unsure glance around herself and back to Chara before speaking hesitantly;

Asi: I... suppose you may.

Asriel then stepped forwards a short distance towards the other Monster as Chara kept her gaze disapprovingly towards Asriel.

$$

*052*2020-06-13 22:33

{{Just now, Omo luna said:

*starts to rub Asriel's bladder bulge* How does it feel?

}}

Asi: It's... —uhm... —it feels... fine—

Asriel's face remained flushed as she continued to allow the other Monster to make this motion and her bladder could be felt twitching gently beneath her clothes.

*055*2020-06-13 23:14

{{30 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Do you know diuretics will make your bladder get fuller faster

}}

Asi: I... do know that, but I'd, uhm... prefer to keep it as fast as it'd go naturally, unless, for whatever reason... Char would decide to have another contest with us both using them.

{{10 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Hey chara, not to be an bad person but don't think of how nice it would feel to be able to go to the bathroom without peeing yourself.

}}

Chara seemed to be slightly confused by this statement for a few moments.

Chr: That's... not something I'd need to imagine; when I need the bathroom, I can make it to the bathroom.

Chara then crossed her legs gently over her throne reaffirming this statement as her face flushed lightly.

*057*2020-06-13 23:33

{{6 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

I would like to see that, but could we make your bladder bulge bigger?

}}

Asi: I... —uh... —if it would... please the people of the Underground, I can... try to keep holding it for a bit—yes.

Asriel's tail continued to wag slowly while her face flushed and she nodded gently to the other Monster. Chara brought a hand to her head once more continuing to be disappointed by Asriel's behavior despite the fact that she appeared to be keeping her own bladder contained over her throne as well.

*059*2020-06-13 23:43

{{5 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

You know I could give you a nickname asirel

}}

Asi: You, uhm... could, if you want—

Chr: Please refer to both Royalties by name on castle-grounds.

Asi: —but she's... right—I'm not really... supposed to have one, in here.

*061*2020-06-13 23:56

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

I will, Chara. Hmm... How about 'Bladder Princess,' if that’s okay?

}}

Chr: Absolutely not—we're a proper Royalty; I refuse to let us be known for our own bodily functions.

Asi (aside): It's not for everyone, it's just between... me and this one, Char, alright? (forward) You can... call me that, just... try not to in front of other Monsters; Char... really doesn't want this whole thing getting around.

*063*2020-06-14 00:02

{{2 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

I understand I’ll keep it between me asirel ok chara

}}

Chr: I'll... allow it, if you stick to that condition.

Asriel nodded gently back to Chara and her bladder soon twitched another few times beneath the other Monster's rubbing as her tail tucked softly between her legs.

*066*2020-06-14 01:18

{{1 hour ago, Omo luna said:

I’ll stick to the condition so asirel have you heard of urethra plugs

}}

Asi: I... have, but... it sounds more... painful than anything to use one—I don't know if I'd... necessarily want that.

{{9 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

I was just testing you to see what your reaction would be,chara.

Asrial, are there other times that your tail wags. *pets her head and bladder*

}}

Chr: Like I said, I'm a strong Queen, and I have to stay strong.

Chara demonstratively kept her straight and authoritative posture over her throne apart from her legs remaining crossed. Asriel's attention perked towards this Monster's question and she tilted her head softly into this petting as her bladder could be felt continuing to twitch beneath this light pressure.

Asi: It... wags most of the time—it's just when I'm... happy, or... excited, a bit.

Asriel's tail gradually heightened a small amount in its wagging in response to her bladder's petting while her face flushed.

*068*2020-06-14 01:30

{{11 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

How much pressure can your bladder handle asirel

}}

Asi: It, uhm... —I think it can handle... more than most Monsters'. Everybody knows how long the contest took, and that was, uh... —All of it was... holding, until I lost.

Asriel's face flushed another amount in response to this question alongside Chara displaying a small amount of embarrassment.

*070*2020-06-14 01:45

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

But did you kinda like wetting yourself

}}

Asi: I, uh... —No. I... maybe had a little bit of fun trying to hold it, and I... enjoyed... when I was going properly into the toilet, but everything... kinda-between those two, I... really didn't like.

Asriel's tail soon returned lightly between her legs and her face flushed a good deal further as she pressed her legs softly against each other while she remembered this moment.

*072*2020-06-14 01:56

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

Did your pussy quiver during the contest

}}

Asi: I-It, uhm...—

Chr: Can we not delve into the Princess' actions during the contest? She's the Princess, I'm the Queen, and it's done.

Chara appeared to have become slightly more impatient with passing time as she gently switched which leg was crossed over the other.

*074*2020-06-14 02:18

{{14 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

What I’m just curious

}}

Chr: You're lucky I've allowed your curiosity to go as far as it has. It's one thing to be aware of what happened during our private negotiations, but it's entirely another to attempt to gather such information from the Princess. (aside) Azzy, you don't have to answer that.

Asriel hesitated for a few seconds before nodding softly with Chara's words and returning her attention to the other Monster.

Asi: I, uh... —Yeah... I've... already answered some questions I wasn't comfortable with, but I... —really, not that one.

$$

