Control the tower and your bladder (Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-05-01 02:03

$$

A young Octoling looked out of the window as all the buildings seemed to go by.

Nobody...Not even she...knew her name. But most of her friends called her "Eight".

She's an Octoling that lost her memories after entering the Deep Sea Metro while on her way to "the promised land". The only thing she remembers is that she used to live underground among other Octarians and that she decided to make her way to inkopolis after hearing a song known as Calamari Inkantation.

1 month has passed since she made it to inkopolis. And she's been spending that month starting a new life.

"Next Stop: Inkopolis Square!" The train announcer said. Eight smiled and got up from her seat.

A minute later, the train stopped and Eight got off. She looked around the station. Multiple Inklings and Octolings could be seen chatting with each other.

When Eight initially arrived at Inkopolis, she was surprised to see the amount of Octolings that had already made it there. Even more when it seemed like the inklings were getting along with them just fine.

But then she learned that when Octolings started moving to Inkopolis, the Inklings thought they were just Inklings with exotic hairstyles.

Eight chuckled and made her way to the stations exit. A few minutes later,she made it to the square.

Upon arriving there,she felt a familiar urge in her abdomen. She had recently reached level 10, wich meant she was finally allowed to participate in Ranked Battles. She was so excited to participate that she left her apartment early and forgot to use the bathroom.

Eight headed towards the Deca Tower and thought that she'd have a chance to use to bathroom there.

She entered the tower and headed towards the receptionist counter.

"Hello there! I would like to participate in Ranked Battle please." Eight said.

"Are you level 10?" The receptionists asked.

Eight nodded and pulled out her pass. The receptionist took a closer look at it and nodded. The receptionist returned the pass and pointed eight to the door that lead to ranked.

"Oh,Before i leave...Can you point me to the restrooms?" Eight asked with a nervous smile.

"Sure,Just head to the left of that hallway." The receptionist instructed.

Eight nodded and thanked the receptionist while walking away from the counter. She followed the directions she was given and quickly found the restrooms. Unfortunately for her,there was a line of girls in front of the door.

Eight sighed and headed to the ranked battle entrance. The door opened and revealed a monitor with two pictures on it; one of Wahoo World and one of Port mackerel. Above those pictures was an icon of a tower with "Tower Control" written next to it.

Eight touched the Port Mackerel picture and the floor below her transformed into a launchpad.

She transformed into her Octopus form and with the help of the launch pad,Super Jumped towards her destination.

5 seconds later,Eight landed on a pink spawn point. She reverted back to her humanoid form and looked around. She was the only one on the map right now. She pulled out her phone and texted her friends.

"Hey! I'm at Port Mackerel right now. Where are you guys?" She typed. She then sent the message and waited for a response.

5 minutes passed and she still didn't get a response. To make matters worse,her need to pee had increased while waiting. She put her phone in her pocket and looked around. There was still nobody in sight,so she grabbed the waist of her pants to relieve herself. Right as she was about to pull them down however,3 icons appeared on the Spawn Point.

Eight quickly let go of her pants and stood upright. A few seconds later,3 inklings landed in front of her. A green haired inkling girl,who Eight called "Three" approached her.

"Sorry we're late,Four saw some new shoes at Shella Fresh and insisted we buy them before the match." Three said as she pointed at the Yellow Inkling,Who sheepishly scratched her head.

The hair of the Inklings then changed to pink while they grabbed their weapons. Eight sighed and got her undercover brella ready.

"Alright,Are you all ready?" Three asked. Eight was standing behind her teammates with her legs crossed as she waited for the match to start.

"Ready?........GO!!!"

The match started and the team wasted no time making a path of pink ink to swim in. Eight followed her team,but was lagging behind because of her bladder. Eight hid behind one of the containers and peeked from behind it.

WE TOOK THE TOWER!

Four was currently standing on the moving tower while Three and the other Inkling were hiding in their ink and following her.

Eight looked at the spot she was on and blushed.

"Nobody will notice....right?" She said to herself. Before she could reach for her waist whoever,a couple of ink shots landed next to her. She peeked from behind the wall and saw another Octoling firing at her. Eight came out of her hiding spot and opened her brella to block the inkoming shots. She then pulled the trigger and fired 3 shots of ink at the Octoling. The Octoling exploded and a ghost flew out of his body.

Eight eight closed her brella and placed her free hand between her legs.

"WE'VE REACHED CHECKPOINT 1!"

Eight transformed into her Octopus form and swam to her teammates.

Upon arrival close to the location of the Tower,Eight quickly exited her ink and reverted back to her humanoid form. She then hid behind a wall and dropped her umbrella to place both her hands between her legs.

Her need was urgent now and she was sure that somebody would catch her if she attempted to relieve herself right now.

"WE'RE PAST CHECKPOINT 1!"

Eight peeked from behind the Tower and sighed as the Tower started moving again. And the smile vanished as quickly as it appeared when four got splatted by someone.

One of the opposing teammates got onto the tower and he was holding an Aerospray. The Tower started moving in the opposite direction.

Eight grabbed her brella and rushed out of her hiding spot. The Aerospray wielder saw her and started firing at her. She opened her brella and blocked the shots. But because of the fast firing rate,her brella ended up breaking. She yelped and quickly swam away before any shots could land on her.

She then got out of her Ink and started firing at the Inkling on the tower. All while making sure she didn't get too close to it. Some of her ink landed on the Inkling, but it wasn't enough to splat him.

Suddenly,The inkling exploded. This caught Eight off-guard and caused her to let out a spurt. She quickly crossed her legs and placed her free hand between her legs. She then looked up and saw Three standing on a container with a charger in her hand.

Eight quickly stood upright and gave three a thumbs up. She then inked the tower and swam up to it.

The tower started moving again and her brella was fixed after a few seconds. Eight placed a hand between her legs and started fidgeting. She was very close to her limit and she was hoping she could reach the goal already. Luckily for her.....

"WE'VE REACHED CHECKPOINT 2!"

Eight smiled and looked around. Unlike the first checkpoint, she didn't have to wait as long for the tower to start moving again. 5 second passed and....

"WE'RE PAST CHECKPOINT 2!"

The tower started moving again and Eight could already see the goal. Unfortunately,she also saw the same Aerospray user from earlier respawning. The Inkling wasted no time swimming towards her and firing at her.

Eight quickly took cover behind the pole in the middle of the tower. Unfortunately,it didn't do much to block the shots and some ink ended landing on her. Eight opened her brella and started firing at the Inkling. The Inkling then swam towards the tower and managed to get on. He then fired at Eight,who still had her brella open. And like last time,her brella broke because of the firing rate.

Eight quickly got off the tower and placed a hand between her legs. She quickly swam away and hid behind a container. She peeked from behind a container again while fidgeting. The tower was once again moving in the opposite direction.

Suddenly,Eight's hair started glowing. Eight gasped and smiled; her special weapon was ready. She left her hiding spot and swam towards the moving tower. She jumped out of her ink and looked at the Inkling. He was currently busy dealing with her team trying to hold him back.

Eight saw the chance and quickly swam up to the tower. She then performed a huge leap while her fist started glowing.

The Aerospray inkling turned around and his eyes widened in horror as he realized what was about to happen . He tried to jump of the tower,But it was too late. Eight's fist made contact with the tower and created a huge explosion of ink. This explosion splatted the Aerospray user.

The tower started moving towards the goal again. Eight got up and put her hands back between her legs. She then starred at the goal as the tower slowly got closer to it.

"C'mon...please!" Eight said to herself as she could feel another spurt escaping.

The tower stopped moving....

"GAME!!!"

Eight smiled and got off the tower.

"The winner is.....TEAM PINK!!"

Eight smiled and spun her Brella. But the spinning was interrupted by her bladder giving her a reminder.

A minute passed and eight was back in the Deca Tower. Once the entrance to Ranked opened,Eight made a mad dash towards the restrooms.

"Excuse me! Coming through! This is an emergency!" Eight said to each Inkling and Octoling she ran past. To her delight,the line that was in front of the door when she arrived was gone.

Eight entered the bathroom and then kicked a stall door open. She then turned around and locked the door. She quickly pulled down her pants and sat down. As soon as her rear made contact with the seat,a stream of pink urine jetted out of her body.

"Ah......Ahhhh...." Eight moaned as she started feeling more relaxed. Her mouth hung open and her eyes shut as the feeling of relief overwhelmed her. She opened her eyes and looked at her panties. There was a pink stain visible in the middle.

After what seemed like a minute,her bladder was completely empty.

Eight got up and pulled her panties back up. She didn't bother wiping as her panties were already wet. She shivered a bit because of the contact and turned around to flush the toilet.

She exited the stall and headed to the sink to wash her hands. Because inklings dissolve in water, they used a special transparent ink to wash their hands or take showers.

Eight left the restroom with a smile. She then headed back to the entrance where her team was waiting.

