Inking your Splat Zone (Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-10-09 10:53

$$

Disclaimer:The characters in this story are meant to be 18+. The images you're seeing are there to give you an idea of what they look like.

And yes,the title is indeed based off this lovely line of dialogue:

$$

"And here are the Stages for league battles..." Pearl said. The giant screen behind them showed off the two stages that were next up for the rotation.

"So...i went digging into my backyard earlier today and i found some bones!" Pearl said while the Shellendorf Institute was on the screen.

"Human bones,huh? Yeah,those things are everywhere." Marina replied. the screen then transitioned to a screen showing of Grizzco industries.

"Yo, check out this new jingle I wrote for Grizzco Industries! *Ahem* Yo,Welcome to grizzco-" Pearl started singing before being interrupted by Marina.

"AAAAAAAAAAND that's all the time we have for today folks....."

"Huh?! But i.....Oh well...Don't forget..." Pearl got up from her seat and Marina pushed her turntable out of the way.

"Don't get cooked,Stay off the hook!" Both of the Idols said. After the broadcast ended, a commercial started playing. "Welcome to Wahoo World! The place where-"

A purple Inkling Girl turned off her TV and got up from her bed as she finished sipping from her cup of "Main-Saver Lemon". She then threw the cup in a garbage bin, where several cups from the same drink lied. She got off the bed and grabbed her phone to check the time. It as time for her to leave the apartment. She and a few of her friends had a friendly match planned for today at Camp Triggerfish. If she left the house now, she would be able to make it there in time. The put her phone in her pocket and exited her room. She entered the living room and picked up her bag and her Kensa Undercover Brella. With everything she needed, she exited the house and headed towards the bus stop. After a few minutes of waiting, the bus arrived and she got in. She payed for the bus, sat down and pulled out her phone. She then went into her contacts and started texting one of her friends.

"Hey, Kai. how are you?"

"I'm doing fine, Umiko. I am thankful that you ask." Kai replied. Umiko giggled. Her friend Kai was an Octoling that moved to Inkopolis about a month ago. He's been learning the language of inklings for a while,but there were still a few things he needed to learn.

"How far are you? Umiko asked.

"I just put on my clothes. I am on my way to the Square."

"Sweet,i'll see you there!" Umiko said. After sending the text, she exited the chat and tapped a game on her phone. She then started playing the game while waiting for the bus to arrive at her destination. A few minutes into the trip, she started felt a slight twinge in her bladder. She crossed her legs and ignored it. As she was sure she could take care of this when she got to her destination.

###

The bus stopped and Umiko stepped out of it. The bus drove off and Umiko made her way towards the hottest spot in Inkopolis (at the moment): Inkopolis Square.

"Ugh...i shouldn't have drank so much lemonade before leaving...." Umiko said to herself. Her bladder had gotten more full while she was on the bus and the pressure was getting pretty distracting. The Square was just a short walk away, so Umiko started walking faster until she arrived at a skate park. She walked through the skate park while looking around. There were a few inklings skating there, but there was no toilet in sight. Eventually, Umiko arrived at a Launch Pad.

The pad was in front of a fence and behind that fence was a nice view of Deca Tower, the biggest highlight of the Square. She stepped onto the Launch Pad and transformed into her Squid form. But upon doing that, she felt a very strong twinge in her body. She quickly transformed back into her humanoid form with legs crossed. The pressure had decreased, but it was still as strong as it was before she transformed. She transformed back into a Squid and the she felt the twinge again. She shivered and tried hard not to revert back to her humanoid form. She then used the Launch Pad and Super Jumped towards Inkopolis Plaza.

Upon landing, she quickly transformed back into her humanoid form. Like last time, she had her legs crossed. After she felt the pressure die down, she uncrossed them and looked around. She was standing right at the South side of the Square. As one might expect, there were Inklings and Octolings everywhere. Some of them were talking, some were reading magazines, some were playing games and some were just walking around. But Kai was nowhere to be seen. Umiko started walking around while looking to her sides.

There were a bunch of buildings in the Square and she already knew most of them didn't have bathrooms. The few Buildings in the square that did have bathrooms were the Shoal,the Grizzco building and Deca Tower. She decided to go straight to the Deca Tower. She entered the tower and followed the signs that were hanging from the roof. She entered a hall and her eyes quickly widened at what she saw. There were a bunch of Inklings and Octolings standing in a line for the girls restroom. And they all looked just as desperate if not more than she was right now.

"What the Shell?" Umiko said to herself. She couldn't wait this long, otherwise she'd be late. She left the towers and was about to go to another building,when she heard someone calling her name.

"Umiko! There you are!"

Umiko looked behind her and saw Kai standing with an Octobrush on his back.

"Hey,Kai! Good to see you made it." Umiko said nervously.

"So...where we go now?" Kai asked as he looked around.

"Our match will take place at Camp Triggerfish. We still have a few minutes left to make it there." Umiko said. She motioned Kai to follow her and the two walked towards a plaza exit. They couldn't Super Jump to the Camp from the Deca Tower due to the map not being part of the rotation at that moment. So they had to use another bus to get there in time.

Kai sat down and started telling Umiko about how he's been getting used to life on the surface. Umiko just nodded and hummed as he told his stories. She hoped his stories could distract her from her need to pee.

About 5 minutes later,The Inkling and the Octoling stepped out of the bus and headed towards the camps entrance,where they were greeted by another female Inkling.

"Hey! There you two are. You're just in time! the match is about to start." The girl said. She grabbed both players and started dragging them with her.

"This way! Everyone is waiting for you!" The Inkling said.

"Hey! Slow down!" Umiko said. Being yanked forward was causing her even more discomfort.

###

Ready?.......GO!

The match started and every member of the blue team rushed forward. Everyone except Umiko,who was standing there shifting her weight from one foot to the other. It wasn't until one of her teams yelled "Booyah" that she started moving again. She yelled "Booyah" in response,as it was kind off an unwritten rule in these matches: Always Booyah back!

The match they were playing was a Splat Zone match. and the Zones they needed to ink were located near the canal in the middle of the Map. Umiko started running there on foot. She could've used all the blue ink around her to swim faster,but because of what happened earlier when she transformed into a Squid,she decided against it. By the time she arrived,Her teammates had already taken over one zone and were busy inking the one on the other side of the canal. Kai was in the middle of the inked zone,swinging his brush around. An opposing member of the team started firing at him with a Splattershot. Umiko quickly rushed in and blocked the Ink shoots with her Brella.

Kai quickly used his brush to move to a safer spot. Umiko kept blocking the shots until her brella broke. She subconsciously dived into her ink,but quickly jumped back out upon feeling a twinge in her body. She ran away with her free hand between her legs. She turned around and saw the opposing team trying to cover the other side. Luckily,a member of her team managed to sneak to the other side and squished the teammates with their roller. Umiko seized the opportunity and her used her Brella to cover the opposite side with her ink. With both Zones being covered in their ink,they had complete control over the zones. A blue colored timer started ticking down.

"Everyone,Stay on your tentacles! I can see them respawning!" a member of the blue team said as they saw the members of the opposing team leaving their Spawn Point. Kai ran past Umiko and seemed to be heading towards the spawn to stop them. Right as he was out of sight, Umiko's Brella shield reformed. Her other two teammates were still near the zones,so she decided to leave the zone to cover some of the nearby floor the prepare her special weapon. She stopped for a second and started hoping from one foot to the other to try to ease the pressure in her bladder.

"Help!" One of the teammates yelled. She quickly stopped and ran back towards the Splat zone. By the time she arrived,the opposing team had managed to take over the Splat Zones causing her team's time to stop and causing THEIR timer to start counting down. She took a few steps back when suddenly,she saw a laser on her body. She panicked upon realizing that and quickly dived into her ink before a line of ink landed on the spot she was standing on. She jumped out of her ink with both her hands between her legs.

"*Sigh* Great! They have a Charger on their team." Umiko said to her self. She picked up her brella and opened it. She started shooting her ink at the Zone while blocking the opposing team with her Brella. She managed to splat one of the teammates and this caused her tentacles to start glowing. This meant only one thing,her special was ready. Her Brella broke once again,causing one of the opposing member to grin. But before they could continue with fighting back,Umiko activated her special.

With a puff of smoke,her entire team was covered in Ink armor. The opposing member started firing at Umiko until her armor broke. Despite this,Umiko kept firing until the opposing member got splatted. She looked back at the zones and they were covered in her teams ink once again. However,her teams timer didn't continue with it's countdown. Instead,another time appeared and started counting down. This timer was a penalty and her team had to wait until it reached 0 for the regular timer to start counting down. Umiko stayed by the zone this time. the longer they could keep control of this zone,the faster the match would be over.

"I can hold it until the match is over!" Umiko thought as she stood upright.

###

"I don't think i can hold it until the match is over" Umiko said to herself. She was now hiding behind a wall. Her Brella was on the floor and both of her hands were on her crotch. The opposing team had managed to take back control of the zones a couple of times. Umiko's team was able to fight back and regain control a couple of times,but it usually didn't take very long for the opposing team to take the zones back.Both teams were pretty close to reaching 0, but the opposing team was now a few seconds a head of her team. The closer you were to 0,the more you'd be penalized for losing control of the zones.

"Help!" A teammate yelled. Umiko moaned and came out of her hiding spot. She was now standing on top of the the wall she was hiding behind. Her team was busy fighting off the opposing team. Umiko reached for her Ink Tank and threw a Torpedo at the opposing team members. Both of the opposing members fled from the zones,giving Umiko's team some time to take back the zones. They inked both zones and their penalty timer started ticking down again.

Kai looked at the Match's timer. They only had about half a minute left before the match ended. if they could keep their team timer ticking,the match would go into overtime.

"Imuko,we can still win!" Kai said. Umiko didn't reply as she was to busy trying to hold all of her pee in. Due to the penalties,the match went on for longer than she anticipated and she felt like she was near her limit. She had to hide behind certain parts of the stage so that she could hold it in without having to worry about being splatted.

"Our Penalty is almost over. We can still win!" Kai said. Right on cue,the timer stopped. Kai turned around and saw the opposing members inking the splat zones again. Umiko and Kai ran up to the zone and started inking it and the opposing team. Kai dived into his ink and swam up to a charger that appeared from behind a wall. He then jumped out and started creating a circle around the charger user with his Brush. The Charger stopped aiming and looked around in confusion.

"Kai..please stop-EEEK!" Umiko stopped as she got hit by some ink. She quickly opened her Brella to block the shots. While she was blocking she pressed her free hand against her crotch. To her horror,she could feel a slight wet patch in her panties.

"Peekabooyah!"

Umiko turned around and saw an opposing inkling standing behind her. he was holding Dualies,so Umiko could only assumed her rolled behind her while she had Brella open. She opened her Brella again to block the shots,but it didn't take long for it to break again. Umiko quickly ran in the opposite direction,but she could feel her body getting covered in ink. Umiko gasped and closed her eyes as she prepared to be splatted.....

A few seconds had passed and nothing happened. She hopped her eyes to see her team mate roll up to her with a roller.

"You good?"

"Y-Yeah! Thanks...." Umiko said as she got up from the floor. The roller user rolled away and covered got rid of the opposing team's ink. Umiko crossed her legs and clenched her fists,Now she was REALLY starting to doubt she could make it to a bathroom by the time the match ends. She then looked at her arms and saw a laser aiming at her again. Umiko dived in her ink again and saw away from the zones. After swimming a short distance away,she jumped out of her ink and landed on her knees,with her hands jammed between her legs. She was groaning and rubbing her legs together,trying her hardest to keep her urine inside her bladder. but she could feel another spurt escaping her bladder. She was 100% her pants got a bit wet. Luckily,the color of her pants and the materials made it very difficult for anyone to notice.

She was was distracted,she could feel the the laser on her body again. She turned around to see the Charger aiming at her again. Right as he was about to fire however,Kai swam up to him and started swinging her brush. The charger noticed this and quickly swam into the opposite direction. However,he ended up falling off the map and landing into the water below the camp. Inklings couldn't swim in water due to most of their bodies being made out of ink. Needless to say,the charger dissolved upon landing in the water. with his ghost returning to the Spawn point.

5.....4.....3.....2....1......

The match's time reached 0,but a bunch of alarms started going off. This meant the the match was now into overtime.

Umiko got up from the floor and the second she did so,her hair started glowing again.

Kai motioned her to follow him,which Umiko did. Upon arriving back at the Zone,she acted her ink armor and both her and her teammates started chasing away the opposing team. Their penalty had reached Zero and their team timer was now counting down.

"C'mon...C'mon please..." Umiko said as she watched her teams timer get closer and closer to the opposing teams number. Umiko looked to her side and saw the Dualie user coming back to the zone. She ran up to him and started shooting him. The Dualie user rolled around her and shoot her with ink until her armor broke. But Umiko quickly turned around and blocked the remaining shots with her Brella. She kept firing at him until he got splatted.

"GAME!"

Umiko looked at the timer and smiled. Her teams timer had was one second below the opposing teams timer! They won the match.

Umiko smilled raised her hands. But she quickly jammed them back between her legs when she felt a strong wave of pressure going through her body. Imuko's team started celebrating,when Kai noticed that Umiko wasn't here with him and the team. Kai looked around in confusion and saw Umiko running away. Feeling worried, he transformed into an Octopus and swam after her.

###

Umiko ran towards some stairs near the lake and stopped under it. She looked looked at the river and crossed her legs even tighter. She dropped her Brella and quickly and reached for the waist of her pants. Right as she was about to pull them down however....

"Umiko?" A voice said.

Umiko yelped and let out another spurt. She quickly jammed her hands back between her legs and looked at Kai.

"K-Kai?! Why are you here?!" Umiko said as she rubbed her legs together. Why did he have to show up now?

"I'm sorry...i notice you were acting weird during match,so i thought you got hurt." The Octoling replied. that's when he noticed her rubbing her legs together. And he also saw her grabbing the waist of her pants...he then realized what was happening.

"Umiko? Do you need to use restroom?" Kai asked. Umiko quickly shushed him. She looked around desperately and then placed a hand on Kai's shoulder. with her other hand being on her crotch.

"Kai! Can you please keep an eye out for me?! I gotta pee so badly right now!" Umiko said as she did a little potty dance in front of him. Kai's eyes widened.

"Uh...s-sure..." Kai said. Kai took a few steps away from the stairs and looked around.

"Don't look!" Umiko said with a blush on her face. Kai just gave her a thumbs up and kept looking in front of him.

Umiko opened her Brella and placed it behind her. The Brella was slightly see-through, So someone standing as close as Kai was could easily see her. But she was still hoping it would make it somewhat difficult for other inklings to see her from far away. She pulled her pants and panties in a single motion and popped a squat. Unable to hold it in for any longer,Umiko let out a very strong stream of blue urine. Umiko let out a gasp as her stream splattered against the wooden floor and created a puddle that got bigger and bigger until it started going to the cracks and landing in the water below.

"Ahhhhhhh~" Umiko moaned as her bladder started shrinking down. Her eyes were almost completely closed and her mouth hung open. Holding it in for so long may have been very discomforting,but it always felt so good to let it all out.

Meanwhile,Kai was still looking in front of him with a blush on his face. He didn't have any music on at the moment,so he was able to hear Umiko relieve herself right behind him. Kai just kept staring forward. Part of him wanted to turn around to see how she was doing,as he had never seen a girl pee before. But on the other hand,he had promised her he wouldn't peek.

Umiko's stream was starting to weaken and after a few seconds,only a few spurts came out. Umiko shook her body a little bit and then stood upright. She immediately pulled up her pants and panties,since she didn't have anything to wipe with. She ignored the feeling of the wet patch brushing against her and grabbed her brella. She then aimed her brella at the wet spot on the floor and covered it with ink.

"Alright....I'm done...That was so embarrassing..." Umiko said as she closed her Brella. Kai turned around and looked at her,with a blush still on his face.

"Kai,Please promise me you won't tell anyone about that. i really don't want to get in trouble for this..." Umiko said. Kai simply nodded.

"*Sigh* Thank you. C'mon,let's take a break." She said as she warped on of her tentacles around him. The two walked away from the spot together.

"i had thought you got hurt. I'm glad to see you are okay,Umiko." Kai said.

"Yeah...word of advice Kai,Don't drink multiple cups of Lemonade before a friendly match..." Umiko said.

