Holding back the current (Zelda - Smash Bros)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-09-23 17:39

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

Before we start this story,there's some trivia i want to share with you guys. (Although i'm sure there are a couple of smash bros players here who already knew this.) The outhouse in the Jungle Japes actually has a hole under it.

Apparently it was open in in Melee,but its closed in Brawl,3DS and Ultimate. (For some reason). But yeah,i thought i'd be cool to let some of you know.

Now then,Let's get on with the story.

$$$$

The sound of the wind blowing through the tree leaves could be heard as Zelda made her way through the Jungle. She took a good look at her map and then looked at the path up ahead. She continued walking,but with an uncomfortable look on her face. A pressure was building up inside her bladder while she was walking.

Right now,she was making her way to the Jungle Japes stage. This version of Zelda was a newcomer to the world of Smash. As such,she didn't know the location of a majority of the stages. If she did,she would've been able to use Farore's Wind to teleport straight to them. But since she didn't,she had to use a map and take a long path to it.

Zelda was starting to regret not using the ladies room back at the Smash Building. The pressure in her bladder was getting a bit distracting. Zelda stopped walking at a cliff and put her map away. There it was,the stage she was looking for: Jungle Japes. Zelda wasn't very happy however. She looked below the stage and noticed the current below the stage. The princess rubbed her legs together and cringed. She locked her eyes on the stage itself and tried to ignore the current.

A smile appeared on her face as she saw her opponent. The Hero of Time:Young Link. Zelda raised her hands and started twirling while some yellow and green lines appeared around her. In a flash,she vanished from the cliff and reappeared in front of the cabin that was in the middle of the stage. She stopped twirling and rubbed her legs together again to stop the urine in her bladder from sloshing around. Young Link turned around and waved at the princess. The very second she noticed his eyes on her,she stood straight and smiled.

"S-sorry to keep you waiting. I didn't know where this stage was,so i had to take long path." Zelda said. Young Link nodded and went up to a switch that was next to the cabin. Zelda attention was caught by the sound of the current. She looked below the platform she was on and sure enough,the current was very close to the platforms. Zelda winced and shook her head,trying to ignore the sound. It was then that she noticed the outhouse at the left side of the stage. Zelda smiled and took a few steps towards the outhouse. But then she noticed a barrier materializing behind it. She recognized this barrier. That barrier was the blast zone and if you touched it,you would lose a stock. Zelda turned around and saw Young Link unsheathe his Kokiri Sword while holding his Deku Shield in his right hand. Zelda took a deep breath.

"(You can hold it,Zelda...just ignore the current....)" she thought. Young Link pointed his sword at Zelda.

"Yes! I'm ready. Let's go!" Zelda said,trying to sound as excited as possible. Upon hearing this,Young Link immediately made a dash towards the princess. He grabbed his Hookshot,But Zelda warped out of the way before it could hit her. She reappeared right behind him and used her magic to grab him. Zelda then struck the hero with magic twice and then dropped him. She then opened her palms and used Din's Fire to strike him while he's down. The attack sent Young Link flying. Zelda jumped and kicked him in the back. A bright,electric spark appeared as the kick made contact with Young Link's back. As soon as she landed,she gritted her teeth and closed her eyes. Another wave of pressure went through her body and the sound of the current became louder now that she wasn't focusing on Young Link.

"Hyaaah!"

Her eyes widened as she saw Young Link jumping at her. She barely managed to sidestep away from his attack. While he was landing,Zelda slashed him with some magic. He was once again sent flying. He landed on the right side of the stage and pulled out his bow. He fired an arrow at Zelda. But right before it hit her,she used Nayru's Love to reflect it. Young Link blocked the reflected arrow with his Deku Shield and dashed towards Zelda. Zelda snapped her fingers and created a phantom. She then pointed forward and the phantom flew towards Young Link. The phantom swung its sword, But Young Link blocked the swing and stabbed the phantom in the chest. The phantom froze and started falling apart until it disappeared into a puff of smoke.

Young Link pulled out a bomb and stared at Zelda. When the bomb started flashing red,he threw it at the princess. The princess reflected the bomb with Nayru's Love,but the explosion went off right in front of her. When the explosion cleared,Young Link was standing right in front of her with his sword overhead. Zelda let out a yelp and jumped away from the incoming sword attack. She landed a bit far from Young Link,but not far enough to avoid being grabbed by his hookshot. He pulled her closer and started pummeling her with the hilt of his sword. He then kicked her right where her bladder was located and knocked her away from him. Zelda managed to stay on her feet,but she had to place on of her hands between her legs to avoid letting out a leak.

While she was standing still,Young Link threw his boomerang at her. Zelda quickly rolled under the boomerang and created another phantom when she got up. Young Link prepared his shield and waited for the phantom to strike. Whoever,the Phantom just stood there while Zelda dashed towards Young Link. Young Link rolled behind her and prepared to strike her,but then the phantom dashed forward and knocked the hero away with a sword strike. The phantom disappeared in a puff of smoke and Zelda now had a few seconds of breathing room.She looked at the outhouse while she had her hands between her legs. She needed to go pretty badly now. And having to dodge Young Link's attacks while listening to the sound of the current was torture for her bladder.

Young Link landed on the right side of the stage again and started aiming an arrow. Upon firing the arrow,Zelda twirled and reflected the arrow with Nayru's love again. Young Link jumped over the arrow and prepared his Hookshot. He tried to grab Zelda,But Zelda teleported out of the way with Farore's Wind. She reappeared behind him and grabbed him with her magic. She then swung her arm and sent him flying towards the blast zone. Zelda turned around and placed her hands between her crossed legs. Her eyes were on the current. She knew that falling into the current and just peeing in it wasn't an option. As not only was the current powerful enough to push her towards the blast zone in a matter of seconds,but there were also a bunch of Klaptraps swimming in it.

Zelda turned around and saw Young Link preparing to strike her with his sword. Not having enough time to react,she took the hit and was sent flying towards the outhouse platform. While in the air,she kept her hands between her legs to avoid having a leak. But to Young Link,it just looked like she was trying to hold down her skirt. She landed on her knees and kept one hand between her legs. She used the other hand to cast Din's Fire. Young Link saw the projectile heading towards him and quickly jumped over it. Zelda got up and started charging up some magic. Once Young Link was close,she blasted him with her magic and sent him flying. He almost made contact with the blast zone,but he double jumped away from it. When he landed he threw his boomerang at Zelda,But Zelda used Nayru's Love to reflect it. He blocked the boomerang with the Deku Shield,But couldn't avoid getting grabbed by Zelda. Zelda struck him a few times with Magic and then blasted him towards the blast zone.

This time,he touched the blast zone and exploded. Zelda let out a sigh. Happy that the match was over. While she was relaxing however,she could feel her bladder loosening a bit. She quickly crossed her legs and placed her hands between them to clench her bladder. She looked at the blast zone and saw it slowly disappear. The princess very quickly raised her hands and started twirling around. She then disappeared in a flash of light thanks to Farore's Wind. Meanwhile,Young Link respawned and saw Zelda teleporting away. He jumped off the respawn platform and looked around in confusion. He thought to himself: Where did she go?

Zelda reappeared inside the outhouse. She put her hands between her legs and approached the toilet bowl. As she got closer,she could hear the sound of the current. Zelda looked at the hole in the bowl and saw the current below the stage. A disgusted look appeared on Zelda's face. Did this mean that all of the Kong's bodily waste ended up in the current? Looks like Zelda had another reason to avoid the current now. The loud sound of the current served to remind Zelda why she was here in the first place. She quickly hiked up her dress and pulled down her leggings and panties. She then lifted the back of her dress and sat on the toilet. A strong stream of urine jetted out of her urethra. Zelda moaned with relief and closed her eyes. She could hear her moaning clearly,but she couldn't really hear her stream over the sound of the current. Zelda opened her eyes and sighed,waiting for her bladder to be completely empty.

Meanwhile,Young Link was still looking for Zelda outside the outhouse. He turned to the direction of the outhouse and the first thing that caught his attention was the small stream of water coming from below it. He stared back and forth at the current,the stream and the outhouse until he realized where that stream came from.

Zelda's finished peeing. She grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself with it. She threw the toilet paper in the bowl and pulled her leggings and panties back up. After washing her hands she raised her hands and used Farore's wind to warp out of the outhouse. She reappeared behind the cabin and peeked out from behind it. She saw Young Link just staring at the current. She approached him and tapped him on the shoulder. Young Link turned around and raised an eyebrow.

"Sorry for disappearing like that...i uhh...saw a shadow in one of those trees and went to see if there's was an enemy there...." Zelda said with a small blush on her face. Young Link just nodded and smiled awkwardly. Unbeknownst to her,he knew the actual reason as to why she disappeared. But he decided not to mention it.

"Let's return to the smash building." Zelda said with a more genuine smile. Young Link nodded and raised his arms. A green light appeared around the two hylians.

"Oh? You can use Farore's Wind too?" Zelda asked. Young Link answered with a nod. The two slowly hovered from the ground and then they completely disappeared from the stage.

Meanwhile,a Klaptrap was sitting on a rock below the outhouse. The Klaptrap was just sitting there with wide eyes.It then jumped on one of the nearby trees and climbed up. It's eyes were still wide from what it just witnessed.

*002*2019-09-23 19:00

{{46 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic I really enjoyed reading that story

}}

Thanks.

*004*2019-09-25 12:21

{{On 9/24/2019 at 11:56 AM, Exodiuss said:

Great story

}}

Thanks.

