Accident on the Field

Author: OmorashiSenpai

*000*2018-11-09 02:57

Prenote: This idea came to me a couple weeks ago. I got to it now.

Sylva Johnson, an 18 year old senior who was quite... mature for her age, stepped out of the high school's locker room, felt suddenly refreshed, as she walked down the hallway to the gymnasium. Her hair less of a mess after her 8th period gym classes' shower, and she felt less sweaty in her green top and white shorts. She had been in soccer for a few years now, and she could tell you she loved it. Her water bottle softly clanged against the side of her leg, as she walked into the gym. Before rushing off to do the warm-ups, she took a quick swig, as today the air conditioning was not working and it was 92 degrees out today. She could easily get dehydrated. Next, after doing a few laps around the gym, Sylva's friend, Arianna came up and asked her what she was doing. Sylva responded with a quick "Not dying" taking in the brunette's stunning body. She was only a month over 19, and Sylva was straight, but, dang, was that girl pretty.

After that, they started doing drills, the heat already catching up with Sylva. By the time they finished, she had already drank half of her water bottle. Next, the coach instructed them to go outside and start playing scrimmage games. About an hour later, Sylva felt a sudden twinge somewhere in her stomach, and she all to quickly realized she hadn't used the bathroom in 6 hours. When the teams swiced out, she sat on the bleachers, fiddling visibly. After ano the half hour, Sylva was reachin the point of desperation. She was playing goalie, and she asked the coach to go to the bathroom. The coach refused the question, with the valid reason of class only ending in 15 minutes. In 10 minutes, she was quite visibly holding her crotch area and shifting from foot to foot. She had persuaded herself to stay in the game, she was a big girl, she hadn't wet herself in 11 years.

The other team was running up the field, and she knew they were going to kick it. Suddenly, Arianna kicked the ball as hard as she could, as l9w as she could, as Sylva was good at high balls. Sylva quickly lifted her foot and trapped the ball. A pushing sensation came to her bladder and she felt a squirt of warm liquid propel into her panties. She stopped herself and bent over and crouched to grab the ball. To her bladder, this was a sign to release, and that it did. The small spot expanded, and the white of her pants quickly turned grey. The spot extended down her legs and rear, quite visbly expanding, Sylva realized the damage done, and collapsed on the floor, defeated. Every one around her laughed, and Sylva's life was over.

How was it? I plan to do more in the future. Sorry for any spelling errors, as autocorrect butchers it.

See Ya Next Time,

Senpai

