Valerie 24 - Nocturnes

Author: Ondinist

*000*2019-02-07 09:40

"You've wet yourself, you incontinent little puppy!"

Amanda giggles. "I was wondering how long it would take you to find that out!"

Moonlight through the open balcony doors reveals a heap of discarded clothes lies on the floor. of Amanda's bedroom in the Tuscan villa. Amanda stands before Callum wearing nothing but a small pair of pink cotton briefs. They are, as Callum has just discovered, wet between her legs.

"You would insist on a romantic moonlit stroll through the grounds after dinner when I was bursting!" Amanda continued. "So when you stopped to pee into the shrubbery I just let go and did it standing on the grass behind you. You didn't even notice!"

She caresses him through his shorts. "You don't seem to mind all that much" she murmurs.

By way of answer, Callum kneels down before her and slowly peels off her saturated knickers. Then he picks her up, carries her over to the bed and gently lays her on it. Arms round his neck, Amanda pulls him down on top of her.

###

Deciding it is too hot for sleep yet, Angela sits at the desk in her bedroom at the Tuscan villa, catching up on messages and emails. She is still wearing the navy blue one-piece swimsuit she has worn all day.

She hears the creak of a floorboard on the landing. Then light footsteps descend the huge wooden staircase. A few moments later, more quiet footsteps and the floorboard creaks again, twice. A door softly closes.

Léa, Angela's friend's daughter, is staying at the villa and Daniel, her new boyfriend, also arrived today. With Léa in the only guest bedroom, Angela had made up a bed for Daniel on the sofa in the living room downstairs. Angela smiles to herself. It sounds as though the young lovers have their own ideas about the sleeping arrangements.

Angela walks on to her balcony and gazes out across the moonlit fields and cypress trees. She wishes Peter was here instead of back in London managing his property business. Sensuously, she imagines the things they could be doing right now.

The night air has cooled slightly. It reminds Angela that she has been putting off having a a pee for some time. She parts her legs and relaxes, hands on hips, enjoying the familiar sensation of spreading warmth in her swimsuit. Her pee patters on to the balcony floor, creating a puddle between her feet.

Time for a shower.

###

Back in her room, Léa gives Daniel a shy kiss.

"Are you sure?" he murmurs. Léa nods.

Slowly and reverently he lifts her nightdress off over her head. She removes his t-shirt and shorts then, taking him by the hand, leads him to her bed.

She is shivering despite the warmth of the Italian summer night so he pulls the coverlet over their naked bodies in a protective cocoon. Their bodies entwine. Instinctively they move to the rhythm of Chaucer's "olde daunce".

The climax, when it comes, is so explosive that Léa involuntarily releases a spurt of pee over them both, leaving a patch of dampness on the bed-sheet.

With contented sigh, Daniel rolls on his back and Léa lays her head on his chest, one leg over his and his arm around her. All passion spent, they fall into a deep sleep.

###

A shaft of moonlight through Emily's bedroom window outlines her naked body sprawled on her bed. The bed-cover has been thrown on to the floor. On the table beside her, the water carafe is almost empty.

After hours of lying awake and restless in the heat, Emily has finally drifted off to sleep. Now she is dreaming longingly of Jack, who is back in London on flying duties.

She dreams of the time in his old Limehouse flat when she had sat on Jack's lap for a cuddle. She remembers how much she had needed a wee.

Then she dreams about what she did next. An expanding pool of pee soaks into the sheet beneath her as she wets her bed.

