The Student Teacher

Author: OmoDeviant

*000*2021-01-30 20:24

(This is my first part to my first story, so let me know what you think about it!)

It was a cold January morning and various cars and buses were piling into the parking lot of a moderately populated high school. Most were teachers and other faculty while some were high school students who were old enough to drive themselves. However, on this particular day, there was one car pulling in who had never been to the school before. Inside of a small silver sedan sat a young woman who had never been inside the school once.

Quickly checking her watch, the woman sighed a deep breath of relief. "Phew...6:45...I'm not late...I would hate to start my first day being late..." She acknowledged to herself as she observed the trickle of students walking into the building. "I guess that's my cue to head inside now." She nodded to herself as she exited her car. Walking over to her backseat, she pulled out a small backpack, not to dissimilar to what most students had. Adjusting the brim of her glasses and pulling some strands of her brunette hair out of her face, the young woman quickly mulled over anything else she thought she might need.

"I have my backpack...phone...oh wait!" A quick gasp escaped from her mouth. She quickly opened her door and reached towards the center console, pulling out a mug of coffee. "This is an absolute lifesaver." She giggled to herself as she shut her door and started to make her way into the building. On this cold morning, she was donned in a warm jacket with a long sleeve shirt underneath. Combined with a pair of tight jeans, the young woman could easily have been mistaken for a student, given her stature and her close match in attire. As she walked in, the woman quickly took off her jacket as she was greeted by the warm heat of the school. She soon turned her attention to the receptionist office and walked in.

There was a small line of students waiting in front of her, so the young woman quickly fell in line. As she waited, the young woman took a few sips from her hot beverage as the line slowly shuffled forward. When it was her turn to talk, the receptionist greeted her with an annoyed look.

"Yes...what can I do for you?" The receptionist grumbled aloud.

"Hi...my name is Lily...I'm one of the student teachers from the nearby university...it's my first day here." The young woman informed the receptionist.

Pausing for a brief second, the woman behind the desk clanked away on the keyboard before turning her attention back to Lily. "Ah yes...you'll be in room 209...it's on the second floor, close to the library."

Lily thought about asking for directions to the room, after all she had never set foot in the school once. However, sensing the receptionist's unpleasant tone and the growing line behind her, she quickly filed out and returned back to the hallway. "Room 209...second floor...I guess I should find the stairs first."

The school was much larger than the one Lily attended a few years ago. The hallway she was currently in flowed into the cafeteria where small congregations of students were located, waiting for classes to start. Lily quickly walked through the cafeteria, avoiding as many students as possible. Not that most of them were interested in her, they had their own friend groups to attend to. However, a few loner students stole a few glances at the college student. Lily paid no attention to them, she had received a similar treatment many places she went. She had a very nerdy look to her which was only accentuated by her glasses and her short straight hair. She didn't have the biggest bust in the world but she had very smooth skin and a very innocent appeal to her.

After an extra minute of searching for the stairwell, Lily finally located it and ascended up a floor. Arriving on the second floor, she turned to her right and was immediately greeted by the room she was supposed to find. "How convenient..." Lily remarked to herself as she gently cracked the door open.

Inside, she found a relatively normal classroom that one would find in any school. There were posters of various authors darted along the walls combined with neat rows of desks for students to sit. There were one or two already inside but they were preoccupied with being on their phones. Up at the teacher's desk sat a gentleman whose attention was engrossed in a book. Lily approached his desk and started to introduce herself.

"Err...hello...my name is Lily...I'm a student at the local university...and I'm a student teacher here for the day..." She introduced herself as polite as possible, a genuine smile spread across her face.

The man slowly set his book down and made immediate eye contact with the young woman. He had a stern expression on his face as if he was judging whether or not she was telling the truth. However, his expression soon dropped and he reciprocated the friendly smile. "Ah yes...I was told you would be coming...it's a pleasure to have you in our class." He greeted politely. Now that his face wasn't covered by the book, Lily got a much closer look at him. He was around his late 30s and he had a slight beard growing. As he stood up, he rose several inches over her but he extended his hand out politely.

Lily promptly shook the man's hand and he nodded his head slowly. "I'm Mr. Lawson...I'm one of the advanced English teachers here...I take it that it's your first day here?" He inquired curiously.

With a quick nod of her head, Lily promptly responded. "Y...yes...I'm an English major right now and my internship is to be a student teacher here for the semester...I figured it would be nice to get out instead of being stuffed in the library all day." She responded politely as she took another sip from her coffee.

"That's good...I am very fortunate to have several excellent classes...and you're lucky that today is a relatively simple day for us. Our first class is just doing some independent reading, the second class is a lecture, then its lunch...and then the third class is a project, and then the fourth class is a test." He informed her.

"Alright...I think I can manage that..." Lily responded confidently as she turned her attention to the few students in the classroom. "So...where should I sit? Or do I have to stand the entire time?"

The teacher let out a slight chuckle before motioning to the back. "Most of the seats in the back are empty...you're welcome to use my chair too if I'm not in the room if it's more comfortable. Otherwise you can just move around if you need to stretch your legs."

Lily nodded her head as she promptly moved to the back of the classroom. She set her belongings down adjacent to her desk and started to drink from her coffee mug. After all, it was still early and she needed her caffeine boost as most people did in the morning. She also reached down and pulled out her spare water bottle that she would be using later on in the day. After all, it was doubtful that her coffee would even survive past the first class without it be consumed. With the room still relatively quiet before class, Lily enjoyed the peaceful time to herself before the rush of students would come charging up.

Sure enough, the alarm bell rang out throughout the entire building and a cacophony of students making their way to class broke the peaceful silence. The room itself started to fill up with students, mostly those of an older year as they took their seats. Most glanced at Lily for a few passing seconds but didn't bother approaching her. Many of them assumed her to be a new student, which based on her young age was a fairly close prediction. Even as the students took their seats, they were still chatting with one another and it was only when the next alarm rang out to signal the start of the school day, was when things finally quieted down.

It appeared that Lily's day as a student teacher had finally begun.

*002*2021-02-03 19:10

Almost immediately as the classroom finally settled down, the teacher cleared his throat and addressed his class. "Good morning everyone...I have a brief announcement to make before we begin today. We have a new student teacher that will be helping us out today and for the foreseeable future." He announced and motioned with his hand towards the back of the class where Lily was seated.

Taking the cue, Lily prompted stood up from her seat and approached the front of the class through the narrow passageways. She stood a few feet away from the teacher and gave a small wave before introducing herself. "Hello...my name is Lily...you can just call me by my first name...it's fine with me. As Mr. Lawson said...I'll be your student teacher for the rest of the year. I'm an English major right now at the nearby university...so I love reading and writing and I'm eager to work with you all." She spoke out to the class with a polite smile on her face.

The rest of the class murmured and nodded their heads as Lily promptly returned to the back of the class. Most of them never had a student teacher in their classes, most certainly not one that was relatively young and attractive as she was. A few of them swiped glances at the young student as she walked back and sat down before diverting their attention away in fear of being seen.

Lily promptly took her mug of coffee and sipped from it. She gulped a steady stream of coffee before setting the quarter filled mug back down on her desk. She was used to drinking this much coffee in the morning and it really helped to wake her up in the morning. Of course, this led to her having to make frequent trips to the bathroom but with her focus solely on her new job, she hadn't given the slightest thought to it.

As the main teacher informed her, the first class was doing a reading of a book. Lily wasn't required to do anything besides listen in and so as they read, she took constant sips from her heated beverage. Only about a half hour in, the mug was completely empty and within little more than an hour, Lily had consumed over half a liter of coffee. With nothing else to drink and no other task to do, Lily focused in closer to what the students were reading.

The text was a bit older and being an advanced class it was a more in depth reading. From what Lily could gather, the main character was an 19th century detective who was following the trail of a missing treasure of some sort. The story was taking place in the deep jungle and had quite the bit of sensory details to go along with it.

As Lily listened in to the various students who were picked to read, one particular bit triggered a reaction within her. A student was describing a scene of the protagonist advancing through a waterfall and he read aloud clearly from the text.

"The splashing water hit the top of his head, crashing around in various directions in a torrential flood. Even as he advanced further, the torrential current of water continued gushing down from below in an endless stream."

Almost instinctively, Lily felt a soft ping from her lower abdomen, directly where her bladder was. Simply hearing the terms involving water had incited a response and it reminded Lily of how much she consumed in such a short period of time. She could feel the weight of her morning's drink beginning to fill up her bladder but she wasn't too concerned yet.

However, even with her earlier consumption of a mug of coffee, Lily still found herself thirsty. With the frosty air still outside, the heater was being blasted inside of each classroom and Lily soon found herself thirsty, especially after consuming a hot beverage earlier. She quickly grabbed her empty water bottle and quietly slipped out of the room and back into the hallway.

Outside of the class was eerily quiet and there was hardly anyone around. Lily had no idea where to go to fill up her water bottle so she decided to meander around the hallway in search of a water fountain. She walked for a few minutes before arriving outside of a bathroom where there was a water fountain situated on the outside in between the different bathrooms.

Lily quickly filled up her water bottle and turned to head back before another tingle from her bladder made her rethink it. "I guess I might as well stop at the bathroom since I'm here." She thought to herself and turned back the other way. She was just about to open the door when a voice called out to her.

"I wouldn't go in there if I were you." The voice called out from down the hallway. Lily turned and found a taller blonde student approaching her. Lily raised a slight eyebrow and took a step back from the door. "Why can't I? It's open..."

The student promptly shook her head and walked over towards the water fountain. She took a quick sip of it before turning her attention to Lily. "The water pipes on this floor are all screwed up...the toilets for the bathrooms on this floor are never working right and the school is too lazy to fix them." She responded with a slight shrug of her shoulders. Lily was tempted to head inside and find out if the girl was telling the truth. However, she decided against it, after all the blonde seemed a bit older and likely knew what she was talking about.

"So if the bathrooms on this floor aren't working...where are the ones that do work?" Lily inquired with a curious tone as she took a cautious sip from her water.

"Well...there's the ones on the bottom floor near the cafeteria and the ones on the third floor too...but those are almost always busy..." The student responded with a slight shrug as she turned back to return to her class.

Lily frowned at the thought of having to travel a bit further to use the restroom but she promptly shook her head. There were plenty of breaks within her day, especially during the lunch period. "I'll be fine..." She reassured herself as she started walking back to her own class. She took the occasional sip of water, only partially quenching her thirst. She gently opened the door and returned to her seat at the back of the room.

By now, there was only a little bit of class left and the students by now were reading on their own. Lily was still seated in the back of the class, now exposed to the heated room. She was a little bit more apprehensive about her liquid intake but her thirst was growing by the minute. She was unaware of how much she consumed until the bell finally rang to signal the end of the class.

Looking down at her water bottle, almost half of it was gone in such a short period of time. The previous occasional pings were now replaced by a steady dull urge instead. Lily could no longer ignore her growing urge to relieve herself. However, she knew that she wouldn't have enough time in between classes to visit the bathroom, especially with having to travel to another floor and to likely wait in line. Her situation was confirmed when the teacher walked on over towards her.

"Alright Lily...I'm just going to be giving a little bit of a lecture...I'm just going to have you stand up at the front of the class and answer any questions that the students may have...it should be basic enough to where you can answer it."

Nodding her head slowly, Lily promptly walked up to the front of the room as the new class started to pile in. The noisy crowd shuffled in and within a few minutes, everything returned to its previous silence as the next bell rang to signify the next class. Like she did with the first class, Lily gave a brief introduction about herself in the politest manner possible.

However, instead of being able to return to her quiet corner of the room, Lily had to stand up in front of the class with her bladder being continuously filled up.

