The Camping Trip to Remember

Author: omogurlcc

*000*2022-03-17 05:30

Jake woke up with a start from his nightmare. A strange sensation washes over him. It was somewhere near his stomach but he couldn't identify it. Hm… he wondered. Where am I?

Glancing at the walls of the tent around him, he suddenly remembers. He was on a camping trip with his girl best friend, Sierra.

Sierra was a light sleeper and woke up when she heard Jake rustling about in his sleeping bag. She turned on her phone and checked the time. It was 3 in the morning. What was Jake doing up at this hour? She thought. Jake is a VERY sound sleeper. It's almost impossible to wake him up!

Seeing Sierra’s phone light up, Jake knew that his best friend was up. At this moment, a familiar strong urge washed over him. “Psst… Sierra!” Embarrassingly, Jake was afraid of the dark. So, he was too scared to go out and find a tree to pee on. Unfortunately, his bladder was screaming for him to get out of his comfy and warm sleeping bag. Stuck in a predicament, he decided to confide in Sierra. She knew him since they were 3, after all.

“Hmm? What are you doing up, Jake? It’s 3 am!” Sierra whispered back.

“I… uh…” Jake, being a very introverted guy, found himself shy to tell his best friend about his needs. Luckily for him, Sierra understood. “Can you hold it till morning?” She asked.

A sharp pain in his abdomen told him otherwise. He was super desperate and needed to go. NOW. “No! Sierra… What should I do?” He whispered urgently.

Sierra immediately recognised the tone in his voice. He was being dead serious and might seriously wet himself any minute. Sierra, being the confident girl she was, opened Jake’s sleeping bag and pulled down his shorts and underwear.

“Sierra! What are you doing?” Jake hissed, holding on to his crotch. “Sh… relax, I got this” she replied. She slowly removed his hand and started to stroke his penis. Really quickly, Jake felt his penis hardening. She was helping him get an erection to hold it in, he realised. After a while, Sierra stopped. “Feel better?” She asked. “Sort of..” was his only reply. He knew that he would still not be able to hold it in, but this would help him for a while. He put his clothes back on and tried to go back to bed. However, after tossing and turning for 30 minutes, Jake found himself more desperate than ever. He would surely wet himself if he didnt do anything!

He quickly alerted Sierra, who was a sharp thinker, as he was too sleepy to think at this hour. Sierra swiftly picked up the empty soda bottle lying in the tent, pulled down his clothing and stuck his penis inside.

Feeling too shy, Jake tried really hard but was unable to relax. Sierra rubbed his back and started to remind him of their trip to Niagara Falls last summer. The two young adults travelled constantly as they had very flexible job timings. Hearing about the water cascading down the waterfall and the other exaggerations Sierra added did the trick. Jake felt himself relax and heard the unmistakable sound of his pee filling up the bottle. The cool lips of the bottle against his penis felt like the best thing in the world right now. After he finished, he grabbed the bottle and screwed it up, promising Sierra and himself to empty it the next day.

Thanking Sierra, he snuggled back to bed next to his best friend. How grateful he was to have such a great and understanding best friend!

