Open For Fanfiction Requests!

Author: OmoWriter_

*000*2026-01-23 18:13

Current Status: 0/5 Slots Open

Open Open Open Open Open Good Evening! Or Night or Morning, depending on where you are! I'm opening this topic today to both satisfy my own urge to write, as well as to write something people actually want to see!

With that being said, I'm currently most open to writing for Male characters from these fandoms; however, if the character you want to see is not on the list, feel free to request it anyway, I'll see what I can do!

Books: Game Of Thrones/ A Song Of Ice And Fire, House Of The Dragon, AKOTSK Video Games: Fallout (TV Show & Games), Kingdom Come, Haikyuu, My Hero Academia Comic/Movie: Marvel/DC, Harry Potter Furry Fandoms (Star Fox, Beastars, etc.) Edit: My account is new so all of my replies need to be approved. Feel free to DM me either!

While I do not have many rules, these are the specific things I do not want to write about!

Scat/Messing Diapers/ABDL Non-Con/ SA Things I would be encouraged to write about

Double/Group Desperation Extreme Desperation Almost/Just Made It Scenarios With that all being said, feel free to post your requests in the comments, and if I'm not against it (which is extremely likely), I'll add it to the list! Also note that I'm open for roleplay, particularly in those fandoms, so feel free to message me!

*002*2026-02-01 03:21

I'm a massive fan of writing group desperation, even though it can be tricky! So I'm very much on board with the idea! If you had any potential specifics in mind you should shoot me a message!

*006*2026-02-01 13:23

{{1 hour ago, wetzzz said:

Ooh! If you could do Lorenly or Jon snow omo that would be appreciated !! Idc what specifics they would be about but I would love to see some of either one.

}}

I didn't think I'd actually get some ASOIAF asks, so I'm absolutely on board! Do you have any specifics in mind, potentially?

