Short Story - Biking can be fun

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2024-03-15 09:10

In my 13th writing, the omo-loving protagonist deliberately seeks out new ways to enjoy her kink. In this case, she tries incorporating a bike ride into her fun. Enjoy!

_______

Mali [F] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; loves self-induced wettings and wettings caused by Yuta pulling the strings.

Yuta [M] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; loves to help in decision-making.

_______

It was a warm spring day, and plenty of people were outdoors. Some mowed lawns, some were driving with their windows down, and some were taking neighborhood strolls. All around trees, bushes and plants were sprouting buds and blooming flowers. There was a pleasant breeze, and very few clouds in the sky. It was a perfect day. Mali took note of this. A couple of weeks ago

, she had one of the biggest thrills of her life, when she was pushed around by her boyfriend Yuta all day being restricted from using any bathroom while in public, and nearly getting caught wetting right in front of someone else. Ever since then, she's been seeking more thrills, and this nice weather has given her an opportunity.

"I'm going to bike around desperate!" she says enthused.

"What? How? Unless you want to be seen by people, how are you gonna do that? It's broad daylight outside." Yuta responds.

"Well, if I wait long enough, it'll be dark out with no one around. So, I'll drink a lot and then when I feel an urge, I'll head out into the neighborhood and come back just in time to make it." She smirks at the thought.

"You know damn well that you won't be making it back dry, knowing how your bladder works. You know that right?" he laughs. She laughs back as an answer

"I'll be going in leggings and a sports bra so no one will suspect a thing if they see me. Plus it makes wetting in them feel a little more lewd. It's closer to mimicking the feeling of being nude rather than clothed, you know?"

"I'm all for it."

"Great! In that case, I'll get to drinking, kicking my bladder into gear, and prepping for tonight!"

And so she began, filling glass after glass with water and using the bathroom often. Whenever she felt any light pressure, she made her way to the toilet. Soon enough, that urge came sooner and sooner after each use, and around 8 PM, the sun had finally set. Mali took this as a queue. She used the bathroom for the final time, and brewed herself some tea. As soon as she finished the mug, she felt the same urge, and felt her switches slowly turning on. She got changed, sporting sneakers, a gray and pink patterned pair of leggings, and a matching sports bra. She continued drinking water. While this was happening, Yuta, who knew of how close Mali likes to push her bladder, set up a row of towels leading from their front door to the bathroom at the end of the hall. He figured they would come in handy when she arrived back.

It neared 10 PM, and Mali's legs were restless. She fidgeted as she sat in bed with Yuta, scrolling on their phones. It was about time.

She sighed. "I think it's time I head out." She got up and rubbed her knees together. She leaned forward to minimize any pressure. On a desperation scale, she felt like she was at a 7/10. "I don't have panties on by the way..." Both her heart and Yuta's skipped a beat, his eyes gazing trying to get a peak of his love. "And, one more thing while I have your attention." She turned her back to him and spread her legs out a shoulder-width wide, set her hands on them, and arched forward. She let out a small moan -

*pssst*

A dark spot immediately formed on her leggings, with a couple of stray drops making their way down the back of her thighs. She controlled her breathing, and turned to look at him.

"See you when I get back~" she said, smiling and winking as she headed for the door.

Yuta sat there in awe. I love her. I'm so happy I have her...! he thought to himself.

She shut the door behind her, and carefully walked over to her bike. Her tire pressure was all set to go, and the coast was clear. She hiked her leg over, sat down, and immediately felt pressure on her bladder. She could hardly adjust her back, and couldn't open up her legs without taking her foot off a pedal. She then turned and started pedaling. To her dismay, each time a leg swung up, her bladder was pushed inward from that side. The constant oscillation back and forth spelled danger, but at the same time, she was quite turned on by this discomfort.

She made her way, passing block by block, feeling urge after urge. Inevitably, about 3 minutes in, she felt a tingle and momentarily stopped pedaling to prevent leakage. The mixture of cardio and self-control made her breathe heavy. The speed she went and the breeze created by it highlighted her already wet groin, it feeling colder than the surrounding warm air.

"I'm feeling....so much." she whispered to herself. "People could be looking at me through dark windows....and I would never know..."

She continued onward. She had to alleviate her urges and keep her legs still more frequently. As her desperation grew worse, so did the impact of each leg rising and falling as she pedaled. She had only ventured away from her house until this point. I better turn back soon, or things will get bad quick. Just as she thought this, a wave of desperation washed over her. Oh no, oh god...!

*dribble, dribble, psssssss*

She drifted along, clenching her pelvic muscles and letting out a relieving sigh. The front of her leggings shimmered, her wet spot expanded, and her seat grew damp. Yep, time to turn back! It's going to take longer now, I'll have to be more careful. Oohh, I hope no one is out right now.

Although this spot was there, the only thing lighting the streets she rode on were street lamps from far above. It would take a trained observer to notice her damage for right now.

She carried on. Every 20 seconds, Mali would stay still to collect herself. She didn't dare pedal too fast, in fear of leaking too much, but neither too slow, in fear of not making it.

Along the way, she slowly pedaled by a street and glimpsed a woman walking her dog in her direction. Seriously? You couldn't walk earlier than 10:30?! Thankfully, they were more than 100 ft / 30 m from each other, and neither could make out any features of the other. Mali was more surprised than worried of being caught by her.

Soon enough, Mali found herself halfway home. She also found herself sitting at a 9/10 in desperation. Each turn of the pedal poked at her bladder rather moderately. Fuck fuckfuckfuck this is getting serious. She decided to take a moment, and try completely stopping to keep herself in check. She was naturally nervous at the moment, and every part of her body was rather tense. When she went to break, her hands twitched and the bike came to a stop quicker than she anticipated. The momentum struck as she instinctually loosened herself up to avoid falling forward.

*ppsssSHH-* Stop-! *SHHhhht*

A big leak was let out, and she hunched over to see the overflow exit her leggings and completely soak her inner thighs. Her entire body was caved inward, and drops dripped from the bike seat and frame around her. Just as this happened, headlights shined from behind her. A car on the opposite side of the road headed her way from 2 blocks down.

"Oh fuck! No don't see me!" Mali could feel that the back of her butt was wet and was dark near the seat. Not only that, but it was dripping and she herself was near a street lamp. Shit, I gotta move quick! She waddled with her feet on the ground forward along the sidewalk she was on, getting as far from the lamp as possible without looking suspicious. She also had to concentrate on tightening up her pelvic muscles so no more would leak. She diverted her eyes as the vehicle approached, passed, and kept going down the road past her.

Her heart beat loud. She got excitement from not knowing whether or not the driver saw her in the act, as well as the rush she typically got when her desperation was nearing its peak. With her bike frame still shimmering, she pressed on the fastest she could pedal. Her lower half grew cold as her small accident dried in the wind. She was excited and determined.

At last, home was in sight. Mali's whole body was growing tired, and was getting weaker by the second. As she pulled into their front lawn, she braked lightly, learning from last time. With every muscle tightened, she dropped the bike to the ground and walked over to the stairs to the front door. As she approached the staircase, she felt for her keys. Her keys.....where were her keys?!

Wait....fuck...noooo~! Fuck they're inside! She messed up. Her mind anticipated that she'd be in the bathroom within the next 30 seconds. The thought already signaled a reaction from her bladder, which was now ready to release. A jolt bent her knees inward and forced her hands between her legs -

*dribble dribble dribble dribble...*

A leak flowed through her fingertips and back between her legs. In a hurried fashion, she glanced both ways down the road for peering eyes and made her way around their house to their fenced backyard. Her mind was racing. Pee made its way down her calves and into her socks at a rate quicker than she thought it was leaking. Go go go go go go....no one can watch me wet myself! ...Well, one man can!

Yuta was in bed watching a TV show when from the right of the clear sliding door on the other end of the bedroom came Mali, carrying a trail behind her. She forcibly cut off as much leaking as she could to a steady dripping, and in one moment dropped her leggings to her ankles and leaned ass-first to the door with her legs still crossed.

*PRRRRRRRRRSHHHHHHH*

Yuta got a full display view of Mali letting loose on the glass pane of the door. She acted like a power washer for 30 whole seconds as she emptied all of her bladder's contents, frozen in ecstasy and letting out the largest sigh of relief the whole night.

She finished, and pulled up her leggings, which were completely soaked on the back side from the residual splashing she just endured. She came through the door, and Yuta ran to grab one of the hallway towels. When he came back he let her know that he heard the bike outside and knew she was at the front door for a moment. Additionally, he let her know that the front door was open.

Trying to hide her embarrassment, Mali deflected, "And you're complaining when I just gave you a free show?!"

".....You're right. My bad."

_____

Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed. If you'd like to see Mali and Yuta in other omo situations, please consider checking out my previous works, or leaving an idea of your own in the replies which may develop into it's own story!

