Valerie 6: Epilogue

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-03-05 07:54

EPILOGUE

It was early September and the last evening of our long summer holiday at Valerie's parents' Tuscan villa. Earlier in the day a baggage services company had collected a huge volume of luggage and boxes that would now be on their way to England. All we had left was travelling clothes for tomorrow, what we had on and a few other things that could easily be stowed in hand baggage. Early tomorrow morning taxis would take us to the airport for our flight home.

From my point of view, one of the best aspects of the wonderful eight weeks I had spent at the villa was the free and easy approach that Valerie, her younger sisters Emily and Amanda and even Angela their mother, took to their frequent need for a pee. Angela insisted on everybody staying well hydrated in the often intense heat of an Italian summer and, in the privacy of the villa's extensive grounds, they all preferred to wet themselves rather than make the long walk back to the house.

It was true that my presence had initially been a somewhat inhibiting factor on these alfresco activities but, since the Budgie Smuggler Show (as Amanda insisted on calling it) that tension had disappeared and I, too, now made a point of peeing through my Speedos rather than doing the man-thing of going behind a nearby tree. When in Rome...

That afternoon Angela, the girls' mother, had stood on the grass and gazed thoughtfully at the view over the Tuscan countryside as she peed through her favourite French navy one-piece swimsuit. Emily had stood nearby, legs wide apart, wetting her coral pink bikini briefs. Then they both walked over to the pool to take a dip.

Amanda had sat on the flagstones, carefully applying varnish to her toenails. When all was to her satisfaction she leant back to admire her toes as a puddle expanded beneath her bottom and an arc of pee broke through the fabric between her legs to splash on to the ground an inch or two ahead. Then she stood up and, with rivulets tracing paths down her perfect legs, picked up a beach ball and aimed it at the back of Emily's head in the pool before returning to her sun-lounger to let her nails and her bikini dry. The nails would stay dry for much longer than the bikini....

Valerie had looked up from the book she was reading and wet herself, her pee pouring through the plastic cords of her poolside seat and splashing on to the flagstones below.

Later we had taken a last dinner under the pergola , reminiscing about our holiday and chatting about the activities and projects that lay ahead of us back in England. Angela was looking forward to rejoining her husband in their London townhouse and Amanda, Valerie's youngest sister, was enthusiastic about going away to university for the first time. I shuddered to think of the havoc she was certain to create among her unsuspecting male fellow students.

When Angela, Emily and Amanda opted for an early night before our dawn departure, Valerie and I lingered under the pergola, she sipping limoncello, me a grappa. Valerie, still in her now-dry bikini but with a t-shirt on top, sensed my reflective mood. She snuggled on to my lap and asked if anything was wrong. I explained that I was feeling less than enthusiastic about returning to rainy London, the long, cold winter ahead and the slog of completing my Engineering PhD thesis. The idea of the villa standing empty and shuttered under grey skies, the gardens unvisited and the pool beside which we had spent so many carefree summer days drained and collecting autumn leaves was making me feel rather melancholy.

"Cheer up!" she said. "Next summer, everything will be waiting for us. And in the meantime you have me and I have you." Then she put her arms round my neck and looked seriously into my eyes as warmth flooded into my lap. "Did I mention that I needed a wee?" she asked.

###

That's all folks!

I will be back if and when I can think of any new storylines. Ideas welcome, but no promises on necessarily taking them forward.

There is an interesting thread on the General forum on different ways to approach Omorashi and it is clear from the responses that there are many different aspects to this interest of ours.

As will be clear from the stories so far, Valerie and her family are empowered, self-confident women who see no problem with wetting themselves when it suits them to do so. We also know that both Valerie and her mother enjoy the effect they can have on their like-minded partners (and it may be that Amanda is aware of the effect she can have by wetting her bikini in front of Tom, even though she has no real intention of spoiling Tom's relationship with Valerie). None of them are into scat, BDSM, humiliation or exhibitionism and anybody who tried to put a nappy on one of them had better have good insurance.

Given this specific 'take' on omorashi, these stories were never going to float everybody's boat - how could they when we are all different, all individuals?

So thanks to all of you who have taken the trouble to read, and hopefully enjoy, my stories. Special thanks to Mikey Mike, Lhansen, Milicentfan and Largebio for their kind comments - all much appreciated.

*004*2018-03-05 18:29

{{44 minutes ago, lhansen said:

Nice work Ondinist, very nice. By the way Angela certainly floats my boat.

The reason I'm so stuck on this MILF Angela is because I've actually known and been around 30 and 40 year old women that pee their panties. For them at least it's not as big a deal as one would think.

My wife told me about a conversation she had at a women's only gathering where about half of them talked about various situations where they'd simply wet themselves. While out shopping, in parking lots, out for a walk and wetting themselves in the car while stuck in traffic. A close friend, working for a firm in downtown Seattle, admitted that because of the horrible traffic rarely made it home after work with dry panties. Now this 30 something red head was really good looking and looked great in a bikini which she regularly peed while we were out boating. She said she had a tiny bladder and had gotten used to wetting herself. The part I liked was that she'd just laugh it off. She had to have known.

}}

As you say, I am sure it happens more often than we think. I would love to have shared boating trips with your friend in her bikini!

By the way, have you ever read HE Bates' novel "The Darling Buds of May"? No omorashi in it but you might like Ma all the same.

