High Tide at Salmon Run 2 (Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-09-13 21:44

Before we start this story,there are a few things i want to note:

1.If this is your first time reading one of my stories,English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.

2.The characters in this story are intended to be 18+. I make this disclaimer because I've seen a few people who believe EVERY Inkling/Octoling in existence has to be 14-16,regardless if they are OCs or not.

With all of that out of the way,i hope you enjoy the story.

###

"Attention,Group 3: The next boat will leave in 5 minutes. Hurry up and head there or we'll be leaving you behind!" a voice from a speaker said.

An Inkling Girl with pink tentacles for hair looked up at the speaker while she was putting on her Grizzco Overalls. Once her uniform was completely on,she grabbed her backpack and made sure she had all her stuff in it. She looked around the room and saw her S-Phone on the bench. She grabbed it and was just about to put it in her backpack until she got a text.

Skipper:"Hey Mika! Where r u? we will be leavin soon."

Mika:"I'm coming. I'm almost done.."

Mika then turned off her phone,put it in her backpack and then closed it. She then put the backpack in her locker and after making sure it was locked,she left the changing room. As she was making her way down the hallway,she started feeling a familiar pressure.Mika stopped and looked back at the locker room. There was a toilet in there,so she could simply just go back there and take care of her business. But on the other hand....

"3 Minutes left before the next boat departs. Members of Group 3,Hurry up and make your way to the boardwalk!" the speaker voice said again. Mika sighed and decided to hold it in for now. if she used the bathroom now,she would be late for her shift.

"I really need to start limiting the amount of Swim-Speed Apple i drink...." Mika said to herself. She always kept telling herself to not drink too much,but she couldn't help it as Crusty Sean's food and drinks were that good.

###

"Okay,let's see if everyone is here...." A bear statue said. This statue was known as "Mr. Grizz",the owner of Grizzco industries. Of course that statue isn't his true form,but nobody has ever seen him in person. Some inklings wonder if he's even running the place as there are times where it feels like some of the stuff he says is pre-recorded.

"Okay....Skipper?"

"Here!"A male Inkling yelled.

"Summer?"

"I'm here,Mr. Grizz..." A female Octoling said.

"Edd?"

"Right here,Mr. Grizz..." Another male Inkling said.

"Mika?"

"....."

"Mika?" Mr. Grizz asked again,still no response.

The group looked around to see if their fourth teammate was coming and....

"HERE! I'M HERE,MR. GRIZZ!" Mika yelled as she ran towards her group. She stopped right next to Skipper to catch her breath.

"About time...we didn't want to do this shift with a missing teammate again..." Skipper said.

Mika just rolled her eyes and stood straight up.

"Alright,everyone is here. You guys will be heading to the ruins of Ark Polaris. some of my employees have noticed that a lot of Salmonids have been flocking to this area as of late. and a lot of Salmonids means a lot of Golden Eggs! Now go out there and get me some Golden Eggs!" Mr. Grizz said.

"BOOYAH!" The entire group yelled as they began boarding the boat. Mika sat down and looked around as the boat started moving towards their destination.

For the first minute of the trip,there was no sound other than the boat and the occean.

"So...Summer..." Skipper broke the silence. "How has life in inkopolis been so far?"

"Oh! It's been amazing!" The Octoling responded. "Yesterday i played Ranked for the first time with a few inklings."

"How did it go?" Edd asked.

"It went pretty well...The first match was difficult because i was constantly getting splatted by an inkling with a small blue blaster..." Summer said.

"Small blue blaster? You mean the Clash Baster? Holy Squit,those are so annoying. i really don't understand how Sheldon looked at those things and thought...Hmm...yes,this will be a fair weapon!" Skipper complained.

"Oh c'mon,it isn't that difficult to avoid...." Edd said.

The 2 Inklings started arguing while the Octoling just stared at both of them in confusion. Mika sighed but just stared at the 3 as they were the only thing distracting her from the ocean that surrounded their boat. And she really wanted a distractions,not only because inklings were weak to water (their bodies dissolve when they dive into water due to being made out of ink...) but because it only reminded Mika of the fact that she needed to pee.

To make things worse, the ruins of Ark Polaris were farther away from inkopolis than any other location the Salmonids flocked too. The boat they were on didn't have any rooms,save for the one used to control the boat. No rooms meant to toilets and because of this,it wasn't really uncommon to see certain inklings peeing in the ocean. Mika decided against doing this. She wasn't gonna do something so embarrassing,especially not with other members on the ship. She crossed her legs and watched the rest of her group talk. She was starting to regret leaving her S-phone behind.

###

After what seemed like 10 minutes,Mika and her group finally arrived at the Ruins of Ark Polaris. There were several things the group found weird about this place. From all the signs written in an ancient human language,to the tail of a giant rocket sticking out of the ocean nearby. Some of the signs even had drawings of bears right new to them.

"Here we are! the ruins of Ark Polaris. Now get to work!" Mr. Grizz said. All four Inklings transformed into their squid forms and Super Jumped towards the highest point of the ruins. Upon transforming however,Mika's discomfort grew even more. Right as her teammates jumped away,Mika transformed back into her humanoid form and jammed her hands between her legs. But while she still felt the pressure,it wasn't as uncomfortable as it was when she transformed just now. Mika groaned and transformed back into a Squid. as she suspected,the pressure in her bladder increased again. She tried to ignore it and Super Jumped towards her teammates. Upon landing and transforming back into her humanoid form,she crossed her legs and waited for some of the pressure to go away.

"Oh,there you are...what happened back there? You usually Super Jump at the same as us..." Skipper said.

"Uhh...nothing. I uhh..thought i saw some glowflies,that all..." Mika replied.

"Glowflies? Oh cod no! Please let's not have glowflies this early in the shift...." Edd said as he looked around with a panicked expression.The Egg basket appeared at the center of the platform the group was standing on.

"The Egg basket is ready and waiting,now go get me some golden eggs!" Mr. Grizz commanded.

All the inklings were prepared. all of them except Mika.

"Uhh...Mika? are you going to pick up your weapon?" Summer asked.

Mika looked down and saw a Splash-o-matic. Mika picked up her weapon while the rest of her group was busy covering the area in pink ink...

Mika rubbed her legs together while staring at her weapon with a worried expression....

###

*SPLAT*

Skipper spun his Tetra-Dualies as the Scrapper he defeated just exploded and dropped 3 Golden Eggs.

"Guys! Over here!" Skipper yelled. The rest of his team were currently busy splatting the lesser salmonids that were in their way. Skipper grabbed one of the eggs and ran towards one of the ride rails. Edd and Summer grabbed the remaining eggs and followed suit. Mika arrived there too late,causing her to groan in frustration. She crossed her legs and looked around for any enemies,when suddenly she felt something hit her leg.

"Ow!" She looked down to see a couple of Smallfry attempting to strike her with their spoons. Mika aimed down and splatted all of them with her Splash-o-matic.

"Ugh,those little guys are so annoying..." Mika said to herself with her legs still crossed. The pressure in her bladder was starting to distract her. Suddenly,something green landed next to her. She recognized the object and immediately ran away from it. The object exploded and Mika managed to get away,but not without getting some of green slime on her clothes. Mika then turned around and and saw the salmonid responsible for throwing that explosive; a Steelhead. an inflatable bag filled with green slime appeared on the Steelhead's head. Mika knew what she had to and started firing at the bag until it exploded,causing the Steelhead itself to explode and drop it's Golden Eggs.

"Over here,everyone!" Mika said as she grabbed a Golden egg and headed towards one of the ride rails. She jumped on it and started sliding towards the top of the ruins. She transformed into her Squid form to go faster but almost immediately transformed back into her humanoid form. The pressure while she was in her squid form was slightly more painful than the last time she transformed into a squid. She hopped of the ride rail and placed her egg in the Egg Basket. But she didn't see anyone following her. She looked back at the spot she came from and the other two Golden Eggs still there with none of her teammates nearby. However,she saw a Snatcher coming out of the water to steal the two eggs.

"OH NO,YOU DON'T!" Mika yelled as she leaped off the high ground and landed near the spot with the golden eggs. Upon landing,she jammed her hands between her legs as she felt a strong twinge. She opened her eyes and saw the snatcher about to enter the water with the eggs.

"GIVE THEM BACK!" Mika yelled as she started firing at the Snatcher. The Snatcher got splatted and dropped it's Golden Eggs. Mika grabbed one and hopped on the ride rails. She looked down and saw Summer grabbing the last Egg. Upon arriving at the top,she placed her egg in the basket and waited for Summer to place her egg. After she did so,she smiled. This waves' quota had already been met. Unfortunately,they weren't quite done yet as there was still about a minute left before the next wave. Mika started rubbing her legs together again and looked around for any other Salmonids until she heard Edd yell "Over here!".

###

The wave was over,but their job still wasn't done. A new wave started and this time fog appeared out of nowhere,making it very difficult for her group to see. The Salmonid infested areas were notorious for having sudden changes in weather. Sometimes it got dark very quickly,prompting glowflies to appear and causing the Salmonids to act more aggressive. and other times (like right now) fog would appear. Several reports suggested that these shifts in weather were because of a weird force around the Salmonid areas.

Mika slowly made her way through the fog all while trying to ignore the growing pressure in her bladder. Right now,she was holding a different weapon; The Flingza Roller. Mika placed her roller down and slowly moved forward. Oddly enough,every Salmonid that bumped against her roller got splatted despite the fact that she wasn't moving that fast. Mika stopped and looked around. Her bladder was really making it difficult to focus,to the point where she was starting to debate whether or not she should just find a spot and relieve herself.

After all, the aforementioned force messes with the inkling's sensory organs,which was the main reason they couldn't Super Jump towards each other. So there was zero chance a teammate could Super Jump towards her while she was peeing and there was fog so she people couldn't have seen her that easily from afar. On the other hand,the ruins were pretty small and there were Salmonids everywhere. Not only were the Salmonids completely unaffected by the area's force,but they could also sniff out inklings. Because of this,it was impossible for inklings to hide in their ink.

"EEK!" Mika yelped as she sidestepped and crossed her legs tighter. she felt something piercing through her body and this briefly caused her to lose control of her bladder. Thankfully,she managed regain control before something could escape. She looked back and saw a powerful stream of ink shooting from somewhere. Mika ran towards where the stream came from and saw a Stinger standing near the shoreline. She began swinging her roller at the pots it was standing on. One by one,the pots were knocked off until the stinger landed on it's burner and exploded,dropping 3 Golden Eggs. Mika signaled her teammates and grabbed one of the Golden Eggs. She jumped on one of the ride rails and arrived on the top of the ruins. Upon putting the egg in the basked,She heard Edd yelling....

"I SAW A GOLDEN SALMONID! I THINK IT'S HEADING TOWARDS THE TOP!"

Mika looked around to see if could find the Goldie. Thankfully spotting it wasn't an issue as the Goldie was bright enough to shine through all the fog. Mika charged towards the Goldie and repeatedly bashed it with her roller. Some small fry appeared and started attacking her,but Mika turned around and squished them with her roller. She then jumped and swung her roller,sending a hug splash of pink ink towards the Goldie,splatting her in the process. The Goldie dropped 10 Golden eggs.

"BOOYAH! We scored the jackpot!" Skipper said as he and the rest of the Teammates started grabbing the eggs and carrying them to the basket. Mika stayed behind and guarded the eggs from any Snatcher. While she was doing so however,she let held her roller with one hand and placed her free hand between her legs. She looked around worried. Those eggs might've been enough to meet the quota,but there was still one more wave of enemies they needed to power through.

###

Now thankfully,this was the final wave of enemies,but that wasn't enough to make Mika's worries go away. The sky got a lot darker and most of the lights around the ruins were off. She then heard a loud noise coming from the bottom of the ruins. She looked off the platform and saw a Griller moving very fast towards the Egg Basket. A red laser appeared on Summer's body.

"Summer....Start running!"Edd yelled.

Mika looked around while holding her new weapon with one hand.which was a Classic Squiffer. She had her free hand between her legs and she was having trouble standing still. Her bladder was reaching it's limit and she was unable to transform into a squid without feeling like her body was a few seconds away from exploding. So she had to run on foot for most of the wave. She was somewhat glad the Griller was chasing one of her teammates and not her as that meant she could stand still and focus on taking down the Salmonid Machine. She aimed for it's tail and....

*SPLAT*

She fired a line of ink at it's tail and stunned it,causing multiple tails to come out. The rest of the team started firing at these tails until the Griller exploded and dropped 5 eggs. The team wasted no time placing these eggs in the nearby basket. Another Griller started homing in on them. Unfortunately for her,this time the laser was pointed at her. Sure enough,the incoming Griller started chasing her. Mika panicked and started running away from the Griller as it kept focusing on her. She couldn't really shoot at it's tail,so she had no option but to keep running. Mika put her hand back between her legs and tried to keep her bladder under control. Suddenly,a Smallfry struck her in the knee. Causing her to stumble back and land on her butt. Mika closed her eyes and braced herself for the incoming machine.....

...But nothing happened.

"MIKA! SHOOT AT IT!" Summer yelled. Mika opened her eyes and saw that the Griller was stunned. She quickly got up and started shooting small bursts of ink out of her Squiffer until the Griller exploded. Skipper landed next to her and grabbed one of the Eggs.

"Excellent job,Mika!" Skipper said as he made his way back to the basket. Her other team arrived to her spot and brought the rest of the Golden Eggs back to the basket. Mika stood still and started shifting her weight from one foot to the other.

"Mika? are you okay?' Summer asked.

"I-"

"Another Griller is coming!" Skipper yelled as he ran away from a Griller that was targetting him. Mika crossed her legs and took aim at the tail. She fired at the tail and stunned the Griller again. Allowing the team to grab five more eggs to meet the quota. After another minute of running away and stunning Grillers,the final wave was complete.The Egg Basket disappeared and the sky started to brighten up again.

"Ahh....it's over..."Mika said as she dropped her weapon and shoved both of her hands between her legs.

"Excellent job,team! Now return to the boat!" Mr. Grizz said via the basket radio.

###

With their shift over,it was time to return to inkopolis. Unfortunately this mean waiting another few minutes and Mika was starting to doubt she could make it. At this point she didn't bother to hide how badly she needed to empty her ink tank. She had both of her hands on her crotch and she was rubbing her legs together for the entire trip.

"Mika,can't you just...y'know...pee in the ocean?" Skipper asked.

"What?! Of course not! I'm not that desperate!" Mika said.

"Iiiiiiiii really doubt that..." Skipper said as he stared at her blankly. "Look,we can all turn around if want..."

"No! I'm not going to pee of the boat!" Mika said with Anger.

"Suit yourself...." Skipper said. Suddenly,she boat shook,causing everyone to jump. Mika could feel some drops escaping from her bladder. She pressed her hands against her crotch in an attempt to regain control from her bladder. Thankfully,it was only a spurt. But now Mika was even more worried she might now make it.

"NO! MY PHONE!" Edd yelled. Everyone looked at him as he tried to reach out for phone that fell into the dreaded water.

"Dude,stop before you fall in there! There aren't any spawn points on this boat!" Skipper said as he pulled his friend away.

"Do you see why i don't want to pee of this boat now?" Mika said. She sighed and looked around.

"C'mon...please hurry...i'm bursting right now...." Mika thought.

###

"Excellent Job everyone! I'm going to make a note of your work. You guys have a bright future ahead of you! Mr. Grizz complemented his workers as they got off the boat.

"As per usual,you can collect your rewards at the entrance of the building." Mr. Grizz finished before his radio went into static.

".....My S-phone..." Edd said with a sad expression.

"Hey...c'mon. I'm sure you'll be able to make enough money to buy a new one. What's your rank?" Skipper asked as he placed a hand on his shoulder.

Summer looked around and noticed one member missing.

"Hey...where's Mika?"

###

"I gotta pee! I gotta pee! i gotta pee! i gotta pee!" Mika whispered to herself as she ran down the hallway with her hands between her legs. she saw the door to her locker room and quickly entered it. She ran past her locker and opened the door with a toilet on it. She then shut the door and quickly unstrapped her uniform overalls. her overalls fell down revealing some black pants with Pink lines on the side. She pulled down her pants and panties at the same time and sat down on the toilet.

Almost immediately,a pink stream of pee jetted out of her body and splattered against the toilet bow. Mika moaned with relief and relaxed as all the pee her bladder was holding finally escaped. Her mouth hung open and her eyes were half shut as she continued to empty her bladder. She looked at the ceiling and waited for her stream to end. She then leaned forward to check how much damage was done to her panties. There was only a small wet spot. After a while,her bladder was finally empty. Mika grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself with it.

"Man...i can't believe there was a Splatfest about how you should place your toilet paper...." Mika said as she stared at the roll. She threw the piece she was holding in the toilet bowl and pulled her pants and panties back up. She could feel the wet spot in her panties,but not so much that it bothered her. She then flushed the toilet and washed her hands. She then exited the toilet and headed to the locker to get her stuff.

"I've done enough Salmonid hunting for today..." Mika said to herself.

