Omovember Day 10: Fighting for the toilet

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-12 20:31

$$

"Gotta hurry! Gotta hurry!" Min Min whispered as she ran across the hallways of the Ramen Bowl stadium. Her ARMS,consisting of Two dragon shaped cannons, had transformed into normal hands which she then placed on her crotch while she ran. After taking multiple hits and moving around a lot,Min Min had reigned victorious during an exhibition match. She has happy that she managed to finish the match as quickly as she did. Not because she was longing for victory or because she was trying to break a record.

No,it's because she really needed to go. She stopped in front of one of the restrooms and clicked her tongue. There was an out of order sign on the toilet door,the same one she saw before her final match. Min Min squeezed her thighs tighter and then ran away from the door. There was more than one restroom in the stadium,all she had to do was reach it in time. She continued running around the halls,desperately holding back the flood that was threatening to come out of her body if she didn't find a toilet now.

Min Min entered a room where some of the crowd spectated the match by TV. Multiple fans turned around and cheered for her. Her fans quickly began closing in on her,causing Min Min to panic.

"I can't stay here and talk! I need to go!" Min Min said in her head. In one quick motion,she stretched out one of her arms and grappled her way to the other side of the room. She waved back at her audience and then continued to run,much to most of the crowds confusion. Once she was out of sight,She put her hands back on her crotch and kept running until she found the place she was looking for. She skidded to a halt and her face brightened up as she saw the toilet door without an out of order sign. She took a few steps forward,But someone pushed her out of the way.

"Excusez-Moi! i can't hold it!" a voice said,belonging to none other than Twintelle. Min Min stretched her ARMS out and yanked Twintelle back.

"No way! i need to go too! And i was here first!" Min Min said.

"Ah! But i can't hold it!" Twintelle said,

"Neither can i!" Min Min said. The two stared at each other with fire in their eyes. Twintelle tried running towards the toilet again,but Min Min transformed one of her ARMS into a Dragon and lunged it at her. Twintelle turned around and used a Parasol to block the strike. She entered the bathroom and was just about to close the door until Min Min used both of her ARMS to pull her out of the bathroom. Min Min then threw her against the wall.

Twintelle got up and almost attacked again,but she stiffened up and hunched over to try and ease the pressure in her bladder. Min Min took the opportunity and ran towards the bathroom door. Twintelle transformed one of the hair-ARMS into a Chilla Glove and then threw it at her. Min Min looked at the incoming attack and in one quick motion,flip kicked the glove away. However,upon landing she quickly crossed her legs and let out a wine. With both her ARMS being transformed,she couldn't use them to hold her crotch.

Twintelle then threw her other ARM at Min Min and pulled her away from the door. And much like Min Min did to her,she threw her against the wall. Twintelle rab for the bathroom once more. But thinking quickly,Min Min transformed one of her ARMS into a Ram Ram and used it to trip Twintelle. She tried to get up,but she strayed on her knees and crossed her legs tighter.

"Oh! It's coming out!" Twintelle moaned. With twintelle down and too busy trying to keep herself from having an accident,Min Min quickly ran to the bathroom and closed the door. She locked it and transformed her ARMS back into small hands. She then hastily began pulling down her shorts. All while Twintelle began knocking hard on the door.

"Hurry! I can't hold it anymore!" Twintelle said. Min Min ignored the complaining and pulled down her leggings and panties. As soon as her rear made contact with the toilet seat,Min Min let out a load moan and her bladder let loose all the urine it had been holding. Min Min leaned against the seat and let out a loud sigh,her eyes half closed and a slight blush being visible under her mask. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back as her bladder continued to be emptied. The sound of her peeing was the only thing that echoed inside the small room,as it seemed twintelle had stopped banging against the door. Min Min leaned forward again and began whistling until her stream soon came to an end.

"Haaaah....i really needed that." Min Min said,reaching for the toilet paper. Once she had wiped,she pulled her pants up and washed her hands. What she saw upon opening the door made her freeze up. It was twintelle,Sitting on a bucket with her pants down. Her eyes were closed and she was exhaling. And the sound of splashing water could be heard inside the bucket. The sound soon stopped and Twintelle opened her eyes.

"I uhh...I couldn't wait." Twintelle said as she covered her face. Using her hair,she grabbed some toilet paper from a nearby cart. Which Min Min assumed is where she got the bucket from. Using the paper to wipe herself,she got up and used that hair to pull up her pants.

"Let's...never speak of this. Oui?" Twintelle asked. Min Min nodded with a blush and walked away from the toilet.

"M-Merci...." Twintelle said as she followed Min Min away from the bathroom.

