Desperate in Bowser's Kingdom (Princess Peach)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-01-01 15:08

$$

The Ruler of the Mushroom Kingdom,Princess Peach,Was travelling in Bowser's Kingdom with her hero,Mario.

After being saved by Mario from Bowser's wedding,she decided to go on a vacation with Mario and explore different kingdoms.

Right now,She was in front of a restaurant drinking some tea while watching the fireworks.

Peach had to admit,Despite the kingdom being themed around her enemy,It looked very beautiful.

Peach looked beside her and saw Mario looking at the fireworks as well.

He briefly looked at Peach and smiled.

Peach smiled back with a blush on her face.

After finishing her tea,She brought the cup back to the restaurant and payed.

Then she exited the restaurant,where Mario was waiting for her.

"So Mario,Where should we head next?" Peach asked.

Mario turned around and pointed at a park.

Peach smiled and grabbed Mario's hand as they started heading towards the park.

Once they entered the park,they stopped at a pond where some Koi Fish resided.

Mario and Peach stopped to stare at the pond with smiles on their faces.

However,the smile on Peach's face slowly disappeared as she stared at the water.

The tea she drank earlier filled her bladder faster than she expected.

While Mario was staring at the pond,Peach looked around.

She then saw a Festival up ahead.

"Hey,Mario?"

Mario took his eyes off the pond and looked at the princess.

"How about we go to that festival over there?" the Princess said as she pointed at the festival.

Mario gave peach a thumbs up and grabbed her hand.

Peach and Mario made their way to the festival while Peach smiled nervously.

She hoped there would be a couple of Toilets there.

Once they arrived there,Mario looked around and saw some games.

Peach however,was looking for a toilet rather than a game.

Her search was briefly interrupted when Mario tapped her shoulder.

Mario pointed a Water Gun game.

"Uh,S-Sure. We can play that." Peach said hesitantly.

Mario and Peach headed to the game.

While Mario was paying to play the game,Peach kept looking around for a Toilet.

She then saw a Portable Toilet there.

Unfortunately,she also saw a huge line-up in front of it.

Peach sighed and turned back to Mario,who was busy shooting some targets with a water gun.

All the squirting only reminder her off how badly she needed to go.

Peach her hands between her legs and looked around again.

"(That can't be the only toilet on this festival..)" Peach thought.

Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard Mario trying to get her attention.

Peach saw his score and giggled.

"Nice Job,Mario!"

Mario gave her a thumbs up and looked for a prize for Peach.

After finding a price,They continued to walk around the festival.

With Peach's urge to use the bathroom increasing slowly.

While they walked,Peach saw another portable toilet.

Peach took a couple of steps towards it,until she saw a sign on it that said out of order.

Peach whined and bounced one the spot.

She quickly stopped when she heard Mario calling for her.

"Oh,Uh...I'm fine Mario!" Peach said as she continued walking.

Whenever Mario wasn't looking,she would place her hands between her legs.

She was reaching her limit and she didn't have the courage to tell Mario she needed to relief herself.

Her thoughts were once again interrupted when she heard a couple of footsteps.

The very second she looked up,a Hammer Bro bumped into her and Mario,knocking both of them over.

The impact caused her to leak a little.

She quickly placed a hand between her legs to regain control of herself.

However,she was quickly grabbed by the Hammer Bro.

"H-Huh! H-Hey! Let go off me!"

The Hammer Bro then ran away while dragging her with him.

Mario quickly got up and started chasing the Hammer Bro.

Because she couldn't keep her hand between her legs,Peach was having trouble holding it in.

Mario was about to catch up,when two other Hammer Bros landed in front of him and stopped him.

The Hammer Bro kept running until they were out of Mario's sight.

Peach tried to break free from the Bros grasp,but her bladder was making it difficult.

Peach then came up with an idea.

She quickly bashed the Hammer Bro with her hip.

An explosion of hearts then knocked away the Hammer Bro.

However,the impact caused Peach to let out another spurt.

Peach quickly placed her hands back between her legs and did a potty dance.

She started running around and looking around.

"(I'm at my limit! i need to go now!)" Peach thought to herself as she frantically looked around.

She started running forward while looking for a toilet.

Luckily,She saw another Portable Toilet and this one didn't have any lines,nor did it seem to be out of order.

Peach sighed with relief,causing her to let out another spurt.

She quickly tightened her grip on her lower region and looked around.

With Mario nowhere to be seen,She made a mad dash towards the toilet while keeping her hands between her legs.

Once she made it to the Toilet,she quickly banged the door shut and faced the toilet.

She saw a Japanese Styled toilet.

Without a second thought,She lifted her Kimono and janked down her panties.

The very second she squatted,Her floodgates opened and a stream escaped,Causing peach to moan.

She then continued to Pee while letting out anothe relieved sigh.

The only thing she could hear was her moans and the sound of her urine making contact with the Japanese Styled toilet.

After what seemed like half a minute,her stream weakened.

Peach let out a couple of drops and sighed.

She then grabbed some toilet paper and wiped between her legs.

She also wiped her slightly wet panties and threw away the paper.

She pulled up her panties and pulled her kimono back down.

She then exited the Toilet and let out one final sigh.

With a smile,she started walking around and looking for Mario.

Luckily,her search didn't last long as she saw Mario running up to her.

Opened her arms and hugged him.

"I'm happy to see you again,Mario!"

Peach let go off Mario and kissed him on the nose.

"C'mon. Let's see what else the festival has to offer." Peach smiled as she grabbed Mario's hand.

*002*2019-01-02 23:11

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent story

}}

Thanks

*004*2019-01-04 17:46

{{17 hours ago, BigSki said:

This was a really good story. Will you be continuing with it?

}}

Thanks. But not really,this was supposed to be a one-shot.

