A tomboy's relief (Chiyo - Senran Kagura)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2018-03-10 15:22

"Excuse me! S-sorry! I need to pass!" Kanon said.

We once again find ourself with the girls from the Municipal Blossoming Arts academy.

Kanon was pressing her hands against her groin as she ran towards the bathroom.

Meanwhile...the tomboyish troublemaker known as chiyo,was walking past the bathroom of the academy.

She them saw kanon heading her way.

Been able to see her desperation,chiyo decided to tease her friend a little bit.

She stepped infront of kanon and halted her.

"C-chiyo! C-can you please move? I-i need to go! Really badly!" Kanon said as she was potty dancing.

"Is that so?~" chiyo said with a smirk.

"Y-yes! Can you please let me enter?" Kanon asked as her dance was starting to become a bit more frantic.

"I don't know...can i?" Chiyo said.

"C-chiyo!" Kanon whinned as she tried to get past her.

Chiyo then closed in on her and started tickling her.

"Hahaha!C-c-chiyo! S-stop!"

While she was laughing,kanon was starring to tear up.

"C-chiyo! I'm about to wet myself!!!!" Kanon whinned.

Chiyo decided that was enough and let her go.

Kanon quickly fell on her rear and had her legs crossed.

She was squirming on the spot.

"Are you okay?" Chiyo asked concerned.

"I think...I might wet myself.." kanon said as she was having more difficulty holding it in.

Chiyo placed her hands below kanon's arms and slowly lifted her up.

Once kanon was standing on her legs,she flinched and clutched her groin again.

She quickly entered the toilet and slammed the door shut.

Chiyo leaned against the door and heard her friend letting out a loud sigh.

Chiyo smirked before walking away.

She decided to go outside to practice her trumpet skills a little.

She arrived at the streets and started playing her trumpet.

Everyone walking by were cheering for her and some of them even threw money towards her.

As she was playing however,she felt a bit of pressure.

Not because of the crowds cheering,but because she forgot to empty her own bladder before leaving the academy.

She stopped playing and the crowd cheered.

She was about to leave...She wanted to get back to the academy so that she could relieve herself.

To her delight...and also to her dismay...The crowd started cheering even more,like they wanted to hear more from her.

Not wanting to disappoint the crowd,she decided to continue playing.

She crowd kept cheering and throwing money at her until it suddenly started raining.

Despite this,the crowd continued to cheer.

After chiyo finished playing her solo,she was completely wet from the rain.

And she was sure she was going to be even wetter if she didn't make it to the bathroom in time.

The crowd cheered before walking away.

Chiyo put her drum away and tried running towards the academy in order to be there faster.

But the pressure in her bladder was preventing her from doing so.

The rain wasn't exactly helping her either.

She then looked into an alley.

She looked around and quickly entered the alley.

She looked around and to her delight,there was nobody around.

Chiyo unzipped her pants and pulled them down.

Chiyo used to hang out with boys until middle school,wich was the main reason why she was a trouble maker.

They didn't do it often,but there were a few times when her and her friends would relieve themselves in alleys.

Despite the fact that chiyo didn't do it often,she didn't mind relieving herself outside if there weren't any toilets available.

Her pants were now down and she squatted.

She looked around and made sure once again that nobody was around.

With nobody around,she opened her floodgates and jetted out a stream of pee.

She sighed with relief as she emptied her bladder.

She looked down and could barely see the puddle she was creating,because the rain was washing it away.

As she was peeing,she was reminded of whenever she would do this with the boys she hung out with. Usually,she did it out of their view though...

She also remembered a few days ago when she peed in the alley along side a desperate kanon.

The rain started disappearing and so did her stream.

She let out a few more drops before getting up.

She pulled up her pants and she zipped them back up.

There was nothing to wipe with,but she was already wet because of the rain.

That and she wasn't concerned about a few drops on her panties since they could easily be washed off.

"Achoo!!!"

Chiyo wiped her nose and looked around.

"I need to get back to the academy and take a shower before i catch a cold..."

Chiyo,feeling rejuvenated from peeing,Started walking back to her academy at a normal pace.

*002*2018-03-10 16:12

{{15 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I love these stories

}}

Thanks.

