Jill and Hunk: An Adventure of Romance and Fearwetting Preview

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2022-06-24 22:39

Jill: PeeTSD in the Sheets

Jill Valentine was a beautiful woman, inside and out. A beautiful combination of Japanese and French heritage as evidenced by her blue almond shaped eyes and slightly tan body. Followed by brunette hair fashioned in a bob cut, she had been told she resembled an Asian Carla Gugino. Furthermore, she had a desirable body, as evidenced by anyone who could currently see her. She lay heavily asleep in her apartment bed sprawled on her back, clad in nothing but blue thong panties, gasping and moaning while her almost nude body perspired, her large bouncing bare breasts with large red nipples and areolas being of special attention.

Unfortunately, these erotic displays were not out of a wet dream of having sex with a partner. Instead, it was a nightmare. She had just been freed from the prison her captain Albert Wesker had been holding her in by Chris and Rebecca. She cursed herself for ever feeling any romantic or sexual attraction for that cold blooded traitorous bastard, however private they were.

“Sorry Chris, Jill, and Rebecca. You were my best students, it’s a shame it had to come to this. Please, just work with me on this.”

“Never you slimy bastard! You killed all of STARS! Go to hell Wesker!” Chris ground out. “Wesker, how could you?” Rebecca only whispered, heartbroken. Evidently she wasn’t the only one who had feelings for him, only unlike Jill’s crush, Rebecca seemed to have completely fallen for him. Judging by the slight frown on his face, the feelings were somewhat mutual. “Rebecca dearheart, I was hoping you’d be more intelligent, or at least more willing. Time for plan B.” With that, he whipped out his modified Samurai Edge handgun and shot the medic square in her chest, the white armored vest absorbing all of the damage yet still knocked the poor girl flat on her ass.

“WESKER!” Jill screamed in rage. “Don’t worry Jill, she’ll be fine. You two on the other hand, won’t be so fortunate. Goodbye.” The captain solemnly bade farewell as he released the monster only known as the Tyrant. It was reminiscent of the fearsome Crimson Head zombies with its raw muscular and skeletal frame, yet much more menacing due to standing at an impressive height of ten feet. In addition, its right arm was mutated into a fearsome claw. Said claw was aimed right at her, and Jill Valentine prayed for a quick death, knowing it would be foolish to delude herself into thinking it wouldn’t be painful. Instead, she felt a slow, warm flow coat her legs, a liquid too clean to be blood.

“Huh?” Jill Valentine groggily yawned as she slowly released herself from slumber. Speaking of releasing, she patted her soaked crotch and bedsheets, then groaned in embarrassment at realizing she pissed herself in her sleep. Her bladder had only released a mild spurt, still aching for more yet she held off, determined to head for the toilet for a proper morning piss. “Damn, that’s the second time I’ve wet the bed. I probably should’ve listened to Rebecca when she told me to lay down a towel before going to sleep since we’ve both had issues with PTSD and bedwetting. Fuck, what has this come to?” she wondered out loud.

Suddenly the phone rang. She stood up and walked to it, grabbing the phone and cradling the whole mess of electronics and cord to her breasts while she walked around, grabbing some clothes. “Hello?” she questioned, as she first reached for a blue tank top and jeans, then a similarly colored combo of tube top and miniskirt. Finally she grabbed her STARS uniform, admiring the handiwork and grimacing at the amount of hours it took to scrub all of the urine stains out of the crotch area from when she repeatedly wet herself in fear at the Spencer mansion. “Jill, it’s me Brad! You need to get outta there!” Her teammate urged. Despite being known as a chickenshit coward who had no business being a cop, especially as a member of the elite STARS, Brad was still a beloved member of the force due to his kind heart, even if he probably pissed himself more than Jill and Rebecca combined.

“Brad, slow down, what do you mean?” Jill questioned, snatching her Samurai Edge and doing a brass check upon hearing the panic in her teammate’s voice. “Grab your shit and meet me outside, there’s a new Tyrant out to terminate all of STARS, we need to go, NOW!”

“Okay Bradm no need to piss your panties, I’ll be-” Jill ironically joked, but had no time to finish her sentence or thoughts as an explosion of force demolished her apartment wall, shattering the bricks into rubble. Before her stood a Tyrant somehow even more terrifying than the one she, Chris, Barry, and Rebecca encountered earlier as it was even taller, had sharp teeth, one eye sewn shut, clad in an armored trench coat, and covered in purple writhing tentacles. Worst of all, it pointed at Jill, staring with sadistic determination.

“STAAARS…” it growled raspily. Jill felt her eyes tear up yet her sobs were silent as her throat tightened, and she sank to her knees. Terror spread from her taut abs and squeezed her bladder, making her urinate in fear once more. Despite being paralyzed, she was subconsciously aware of feeling her genitals release a hot gush of piss that completely soaked her pantie thongs, bare ass, thighs, and knees, along with the floor beneath her. She inhaled shakingly, not knowing what to do next.

Ending note: Just a little teaser guys, I assure you once more this will be a full fledged story, can’t wait for it to unravel. While I’ll probably stick to doing my own thing, feel free to leave any suggestions if you have any.

