The Bad Bus Ride

Author: omowritter

*000*2022-09-18 18:12

"Thanks guys, this was fun" Sophie said as she left her friend Jenifers house, where she had just spent the day with her and their 3 other friends. As she left, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder again. She had meant to excuse herself but was to caught up in the conversation. She could make it home though, she wasn't worried.

5 min later

She ran to the bust stop just as the bus pulled away.

'Dammit' she thought as she checked her phone only to see that the next bus wasn't coming for another 30 min. She plugged in her earphones as she rubbed her legs together underneath her flowery dress. She was starting to feel it, but she had a strong bladder.

30 min later

The bus finally arrived and Sophie was grateful. She was dying for a bathroom, because all her drinks from earlier were really sinking in. She sat down at her seat and crossed her legs.

10 min later

She was trying desperately trying not to squirm in her seat. Her legs were crossed as tightley as they could be as she tried to keep her pee from exploding out of her. She looked ahead. Traffic. She hoped it would clear up soon, because she wasn't sure how much she could take.

10 min later

A few drops escaped into her underwear, and she quickley shoved a hand between her legs, relieving some of the pressure. She noticed some weird looks so she removed her hand, but another spurt released, so she was forced to but the hand back. She felt her bladder twinge and she bent over slightly, squirming in her seat. It was now obvious that she had to pee, but it was all she could do not to pee right then and there. She blushed as people walked by.

5 min later

She was rocking back and forth, side to side, giving the bus seat a lap dance. She was one stop away. She could make it. She was spurting every few minutes and there was a small wet spot on her dress but she didn't care. Finally they reached her stop but she realized her problem. How was she supposed to get up and walk home with both hands shoved deep in her crotch. She took a deep breath and stood, and the preasure on her bladder increased by 10 times. She shuffled to the front of the bus, and was about to step off when her bladder finally gave out. She tried to stop it but it was no use. She was powerless as her golden liquid exploded out of her, in front of everybody. She stood there, relieved until she realized what she had just done, and ran off of the bus embaressed, leaving the flow of piss behind her.

