Valerie 16 - Limehouse

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-08-01 08:11

VALERIE 16 - LIMEHOUSE

Jack taxied the Embraer E190 jet to the apron in front of London City Airport's terminal building. Guided by a marshaller on the ground, he turned the aircraft on to the stand, positioned it nose-outwards and applied the parking brake. As the ground crew chocked the nose-wheel and plugged in ground power, Jack and his captain ran through the challenges and responses of the Leaving Aircraft checklist, shutting down the engines, turning off the seatbelt signs (though, Jack thought wryly, half of his passengers would have been on their feet as soon as the aircraft appeared to stop moving) and switching off aircraft systems before finally turning their attention to the inevitable paperwork.

After the passengers had disembarked, Jack and the other crew members walked over to the duty room to sign off. He stowed his belongings in his locker then walked the short distance to the Docklands Light Railway station to wait for one of the automated trains to take him on the twenty minute ride to Limehouse and his flat.

He would be back at work tomorrow but for now he could turn his thoughts to the pleasant subject of Emily.

From the moment he first met Emily at a party, Jack had been attracted to this beautiful, intelligent, kind and rather shy girl and still could not quite believe his luck that she seemed to feel the same about him. Over the following weeks and months attraction had developed into deep love and he was absolutely sure that Emily was the girl he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.

And there was something more. Something that he had never felt before and that puzzled him. He liked it when Emily wet herself.

Where had that come from?

Admittedly, his main interest throughout his teens and early twenties had been flying. He had progressed from hanging around the local flying club doing odd jobs in return for the chance of a ride to studying for his private pilot's licence. That had been followed by two intensive years at flying school working towards his instrument rating, his multi-engine licence and eventually the Airline Transport Pilot's Licence that he now held and that would allow him to progress to Captain in due course. Once qualified and employed he had spent several months learning every detail of every system on the Embraer E170 and E190 jets that he now flew.

Of course he had gone out with girls during this time - quite a lot of girls actually - but it had simply never occurred to him that he would feel anything other than sympathy for their embarrassment if one of them had accidentally wet themselves. Not that any of them had, come to think of it.

It was on the evening that Emily came to his flat to spend the night with him for the first time that he realised he found the sight of a girl wetting herself intensely erotic. The lift had broken down and Emily, who had urgently needed to go to the loo, had been unable to wait until an engineer arrived and released them. She had been distressed at her loss of control and of course he had played the gentleman, reassuring her that it really did not matter, when in fact he had been sexually excited by the sight of her making a puddle on the lift floor as she had helplessly wet her knickers beneath her elegant party dress. [Valerie 8]

At first he had felt deeply ashamed of his reaction but was reassured by Emily's relaxed, even amused, response to his rather earnest confession. Furthermore, his ten day visit to her family's Italian villa, where Emily, her sisters Valerie and Amanda and even their mother Angela would wet themselves without any inhibitions whatsoever, had revealed to him that he was far from alone in finding it erotic. Tom, Valerie's boyfriend, certainly shared his interest and it seemed that Peter and Callum might also be of the same mind.

He was delighted that Emily had chosen to return to London with him whilst he completed his current series of rostered flying duties, even though he was all too well aware how basic his Limehouse bachelor flat must seem to her. What is more they would soon be returning together to the Italian villa for several more days off.

His train arrived. In half an hour he would be back at his flat where Emily would be waiting for him.

###

That summer Emily had graduated, rather to her surprise, with a First Class Honours degree in fine art. Although she intended to have a relaxing summer before starting her career, she had taken the opportunity of her return to London to do some job hunting.

That morning she had travelled into central London to follow up two invitations for interviews with art galleries. Afterwards she browsed the local Asian supermarkets, returning to Jack's Limehouse flat with lamb, olive oil, onions, rice, garlic, ginger, fresh and preserved lemons, spices, black olives, a perky bunch of coriander and some fresh apricots.

Though not as hot as Tuscany, London was warm and humid so, after opening the windows of the flat as wide as they would go, she took off her interview suit and padded into the kitchen in her bra and panties.

She downed a glass of water before tying the only available apron - a large, striped masculine thing - round her slim waist, chopping the onions, the garlic, the ginger and the coriander, trimming fat off the lamb and tossing it in the spices. She mixed the ingredients together in a bowl and poured olive oil and lemon juice over them, covered the bowl with a plate and left it in the kitchen to marinate.

Removing the apron she went through to the living room and browsed the handful books on the shelf, hoping to find something to while away the next couple of hours. 'A Pilot's Guide to Meteorology'? Not much romantic interest there, she imagined. 'The Official Tottenham Hotspur Annual 2005'? She gave up.

She looked around the flat. What is it with boys, she wondered? The flat was perfectly clean and tidy but there were none of the homely touches a girl would add. Apart from a couple of comfortable old leather armchairs the furniture was sparse, basic and mismatched. Nor were there any carpets on the vinyl floor, just a few rugs. Mind you, that could be useful....

Still wearing only a bra and panties, Emily curled up in one of the big leather armchairs, a fresh glass of water by her side. The soporific warmth of the afternoon was beginning to make her feel rather erotic. She loved Jack on every level but his performance in bed took her to heights of arousal she had never known existed. Tonight, she decided, would be such a night.

And she knew what Jack liked.

Jack liked it when she wets herself.

And that could easily be arranged.

She was discovering that Jack's preferences did not seem to be all that unusual. She had known for some time that Tom enjoys it when Valerie wets herself - the three sisters have no secrets from each other! - but it came as a complete surprise to Emily when Valerie suggested that her father felt the same about her mother. Yet looking back on her childhood and remembering the banter between them she wondered how she had been so naive as to not notice something so obvious. And now it looked as though Amanda's new boyfriend Callum might be of the same mind. Good thing, really, given Amanda's casual insouciance about wetting herself.

At her parents' Tuscan villa Emily had never bothered to walk from the pool to the house for a pee - not when she could just stand on the lawn with her legs apart and pee through her bikini as she and her family had done for as long as she could remember - and she would sometimes prefer to wet her knickers discreetly rather than use an unpleasant public lavatory but she had never regarded these things as anything other than simple practicalities.

She still recoiled from the idea of an embarrassing accident in public but now, knowing how it pleased Jack - and knowing what that led to - she was beginning to find the sensation of wetting herself in private exciting and erotic.

Her bladder was beginning to fill up. Curled up here in this big leather chair on this warm, drowsy afternoon it would be the easiest thing in the world to just let go....

Not yet.

She went back to the kitchen, re-filled her water glass and looked for something to cook her ingredients in. Whilst she did not expect to find the earthenware tagine that her dish called for, she had at least hoped for an ordinary casserole. No such luck, just two saucepans, only one of which had a lid. After frying the lamb and the onion in the one and only frying pan she put all of the ingredients into the saucepan, covered them with boiling water and set it on the hob over a low heat.

She looked at LCY flight arrivals on her mobile phone. Jack's plane was more or less on time so he should be home in a couple of hours.

She showered, taking the opportunity to pee, then padded naked into Jack's - correction their - bedroom. She put on a fresh little pair of white cotton hipster briefs before carrying her hairdryer into the living room so that she could sit in the leather armchair to use the only available electric socket to dry her long, dark, wavy hair. No mirror. Really, if she was going to spend much time in this flat there would have to be some changes!

Back to the bedroom for a white cotton tie-up shirt that left her suntanned midriff bare. No need for a bra. Finally, she selected a provocative little mini-kilt that she would never wear in public but that she knew drove Jack wild.

She walked barefoot through to the kitchen and drank another glass of water. If she kept on drinking water at this rate she would soon need to pee again. But that was OK. All part of the plan.

She checked the contents of the saucepan on the hob - coming along fine. She prepared two bowls of salad with cherry tomatoes and put them in the fridge.

She opened a bottle of red wine, set the little table in the kitchen, adding a pretty paper tablecloth and small bunch of flowers in a glass, and started to heat water in the only other saucepan, ready to cook rice.

Now she really did need a wee.

###

Hearing the sound of Jack's key in the door, she filled two glasses with chilled Pinot Grigio. With a smile she handed one to Jack as he came into the kitchen.

'He looks devilishly handsome in his pilot's uniform' Emily thought to herself approvingly.

'She really is all girl!' Jack thought to himself approvingly. 'And that saucy little mini-kilt! I wonder if the little minx knows what it does to me?'

He removed his uniform cap and put it on her head before taking her in his arms and kissing her passionately. His hand slipped under her skirt and caressed her bottom through her white cotton panties. Feeling him harden with desire against her she pulled away from him, laughing. "No time for that now, dinner will be ready in about fifteen minutes."

"I've just done Paris and back - twice!" he complained. "Is one kiss all I get after dodging thunderstorms and dealing with French air traffic control all day?"

She gave him a smouldering look. "That's all you get - for now" she said.

Jack went to shower and change. Emily put the rice in the boiling water and tried to turn the heat down. She quickly found that the cooker thermostat wasn't working - it was either full power or off. If the rice was not to boil over she would need to stand there for the next fifteen minutes turning it off and on until the rice was cooked.

She was bursting!

Ten minutes later, Jack came back into the kitchen, freshly showered and wearing a t-shirt and shorts. Emily was standing by the cooker, swearing under her breath and moving restlessly from foot to foot.

"This bloody cooker!" she exclaimed. "How the hell do you ever cook a meal on it?

"Never tried" Jack replied, leaning in the kitchen doorway and taking a sip of white wine. "I just send out for pizza or a curry."

"I can't leave the rice or it will boil over and I'm dying for a wee!"

A few moments later Emily tensed and stood still. A small trickle of pee pattered on to the floor between her feet and a few droplets tracked its way down the insides of her legs. It had the intended effect.

"Oh Jack!" she gasped "I can't wait!"

Jack came over and stood close behind her as he had done at the Palio. He put his hands on her hips under her tiny kilt and nuzzled her neck behind her ear. Once again she felt him hard against her. "Just do it here, on the floor" he said in a husky voice.

Emily did as she was told.

When she had finished wetting herself Jack, all too aware of the bulge in his shorts, retrieved a bath towel from the laundry basket and passed it to Emily. She dried her legs and feet, making sure to give him a good view of her wet panties in the process. "Excuse me whilst I get changed" she said. "I'll do the laundry and give the floor a good wash tomorrow."

Jack dropped the towel on to the floor to soak up the flood, stirred it round with his foot and pushed it into the corner. Then he poured two glasses of the red wine and two glasses of water.

Emily returned and served delicious, tender lamb fragrant with spices. It was, Jack thought, by far the best meal that had ever been produced in his kitchen, though perhaps that was not saying much. He took care to keep their glasses topped up as they discussed Emily's interviews that morning and he produced a bottle of of Muscat to go with the apricots that rounded off the meal. Emily, who was feeling pleasantly light-headed, took a long drink of water to counter the effects of the wine.

Jack made coffee as he cleared away the remains of the meal (he did at least have a cafetière, Emily noticed) and they walked through to the living room. He took one of the big leather armchairs and, instead of taking the other, she snuggled on to his lap, sipping her coffee. She took care to ensure that her skirt was spread out - she already needed to pee again and the wine was having a disinhibiting effect on her.

In a slightly slurred voice, she asked about his day. Was his captain a nice man to work with?

"She's fine" he replied.

She?? Emily supposed she should not be surprised, female flight deck crew were not at all unusual these days, but nevertheless she felt a small spark of jealousy against this unknown woman who had spent the day in close proximity to her Jack.

"Do you - always fly with the same captain?" she asked in what she hoped sounded like mere polite interest. Her bladder was now sending urgent signals but she was not ready to drop the subject yet.

"Oh no, there are well over a hundred captains and about the same number of co-pilots on my fleet so it may be months before we fly with the same person again. It's a good system because it means that the only way we can all work together is for everybody to operate by the book and that prevents over-familiar crews developing bad habits."

Emily was somewhat reassured by this. She did not want Jack developing bad habits with any woman except her.

'If I don't go to the loo very soon it will be too late' she thought. She didn't go to the loo.

She laid her head on Jack's shoulder and looked up at him with a serious expression. "And today's captain - was she good looking?"

Jack reflected on his colleague - in her fifties, stockily built, her hair swept back into a severe iron-grey bun. "Not especially...." he said thoughtfully.

He paused. "But the stewardess, on the other hand...."

Reaching for a cushion, Emily hit him over the head. It developed into a play fight, with Emily kicking, squealing and giggling in Jack's arms.

Emily felt a spurt of warmth between her legs as she lost control momentarily. "Stop!" she pleaded "I need a wee! Now!"

Jack did not let her go. He ran his hand up her thigh and slipped it under her bottom. "It feels like you've already started" he murmured, feeling her damp knickers.

"That's your fault, you big bully!" Emily protested. "Quick, let me up or I'll wee in your lap!"

"Lucky for me you wouldn't dare!"

But Emily did dare.

*004*2018-08-03 08:05

{{3 hours ago, mikey mike said:

A new "Valerie" chapter on my birthday and a good one at that! What a perfect present.

Thanks Ondinist!!!!!

}}

Happy birthday Mikey Mike! And thanks to all once again for the encouraging feedback.

