No rest in town (A Digby short (Animal Crossing))

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-03-27 19:54

Short based off a character suggest by @RAYquazaOmo

....

&&

"Y-Yeah,You too have a nice day..." Digby said as he closed the door to the Nooklings' store. He wandered away from the store in a rather stiff manner,whimpering with each step as his fists clenched.

Hours of showing off home models from the Happy Home Showcase could take a bit of a toll on anyone. So Digby always made sure to stop by the Roost for a quick drink during his the short breaks he could squeeze in. And the drinks worked. They were delicious and they helped him stay awake through several showcase.

...But all those drinks didn't come without some side effects.

"I really need to get Isabelle to convince the Mayor we need more toilets." Digby said as he crossed his legs and kept his hands in between them. His tail wiggled frantically as he looked around for a toilet.

The HHA worker was bursting for a pee. In the few breaks he was able to have, he found himself unable to get any relief. The Roost didn't seem to have any bathrooms in sight. He suspected it might've been because the place had only been recently built. The shops in the street didn't have any either and if they did they were employees only. And a lot of villagers were out during the day, so knocking on their houses and asking them if he could use theirs wasn't an option for him today.

Digby kept walking forward. Stopping every once in a while to cross his legs in a vain attempt to ease the pressure in his bladder.

"....Why did that porta potty have to be for display only..." Digby thought to himself. Hilariously (Or not so Hilariously for Digby himself) Timmy and Tommy were selling portable toilets that day for 2000 bells. Digby found it very baffling that they sold porta potties as furniture but the mayor couldn't be bothered to place a few of those around the town.

And digby had already used up the cash on his person for his break, so it's not like he could've bought it, placed it down and pee.

Digby's eyes frantically darted around town. There was nobody in sight, Maybe the villagers all went home now?

"AAAAAH! Ooooh!" Digby whimpered as he hopped from one foot to the other, His bladder was dangerously close to releasing it's contents without his input.

"Pee! Pee! I gotta...Huh?" His moaning stopped as a red object entered his peripheral vision. He looked to his side and saw a fire hydrant surrounded by a few trees. Digby just silently stared at it for a few moments. He remembered his sister mentioning that the Mayor had recently placed that there and had made quite a big deal about it.

Digby bit his lip and looked around hastily. There was still nobody around. He slowly moved towards the fire hydrant, his body feeling a twinge with each step.

"....I....am i really..." He thought to himself. He looked around again. Still nobody. He then began fumbling with his zipper.

"Ohhh! C'mon!" He groaned as he couldn't stop himself from shifting around. Soon, he managed to get his zipper down. He hastily whiped out his penis and scooted closer to the fire hydrant. A powerful stream of urine splattered against the hydrant almost instantly.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah~...........Pheeeeeeew......" Digby relaxed. His tail going limp and his eyes struggling to stay open has he released all the stress he had been holding in. A small arc splattered against the bottom of the hydrant as it slowly darkened the grass below. He wasn't sure why the mayor had chosen that specific spot to place the hydrant, but the overwhelming sense of relief he was feeling right now prevented him from fretting over it.

He leaned his head back as his bladder continued to shrink, enjoying the moment of euphoria after spending an entire day holding it. This moment had to come to end eventually, and so did the stream as it slowly got weaker until stopping completely. Digby shook his member to get any droplets of and then tucked his penis back in his pants. He cringed as he could feel a bit of pee on his underwear.

"I'll have to wash my hands at the nearby lake..." Digby though to himself. He looked at the wetness he had created around the Fire Hydrant and shook his head. First order of business? Head to the town hall. The mayor was usually out during these times, but his sister was always there. So with any luck....

*Ahem*

Digby's heart nearly stopped upon hearing the noise. He slowly turned around to see Daisy standing behind him with a frown. Digby's eyes widened and he was about to scramble for an excuse. Until he realized that Daisy was rubbing her thighs together. He then looked up and noticed a few other dog villagers standing behind her.

He then locked eyes with daisy again. but before he could say anything else, she spoke up.

"Are you done using that? I have an emergency too!"

