Jordan In The Woods

Author: omofan5

*000*2022-06-06 20:47

Chapter 2 of my story about Jordan and her friends, I decided to upload this separately since this chapter features a sex scene and I wanted to add that warning. Check out my Patreon for more stories like this and my twitter account @OmoFan5 for captions and other omo content!

Jordan knew college would be a time for experimentation and new experiences, but she never could’ve imagined this.

“Ugh, I need to pee so bad, I’m almost jealous of you Jordan.” Her friend and roommate in the front seat Grace joked.

“Well, did you bring any extras?” Jordan’s other friend who was driving, Will, asked.

“I thought you did! Well, looks like you better make that one last until we get back home.” Grace turned around to look at her friend.

An outside observer would probably have no clue what they were talking about, if you looked at Jordan you would just see a tall, athletic, brunette young woman wearing a baby blue hoodie, and a white tennis skirt. But it was what she had on underneath the skirt that made her blush at her friend's sentence.

“It’s fine, I’m still dry.” Jordan told the two in the front, who then congratulated her for that, which made her blush even harder. Jordan was wearing a pull-up, for the past two months now she had worn them regularly, with support and encouragement from her roommate Grace and her new boyfriend Will. Jordan had become fond of the feeling of a wet pull-up, and she knew both her friend and boyfriend enjoyed her “accidents” as well.

“Well if she’s still dry maybe she can take it off and give it to you.” Will joked.

“What! Then I’ll have nothing else underneath!” Jordan protested.

“Yeah, but I’m sure that’s what he wants, the perv.” Grace teased, causing Will to just shrug his shoulders. “Besides, I can hold it.”

“Are you trying to say I can’t?” Jordan asked.

“I mean…” Will began, causing them to all start laughing.

“Wait, don't make me laugh, I'm actually about to pee,” Grace said. “Wait, we're here finally, thank God.”

Jordan looked out the front window to see they arrived at a gravel parking lot. The three of them planned to do a quick hike then a picnic, they decided to do this during the afternoon on a school day so there wouldn’t be that many people present, and they were indeed the only car in the lot. Will knew the trail, and he’d be the one leading the way.

“C'mon let’s get the stuff out of the car.” Will told them, popping the trunk and unlocking the doors.

Once she stood up Jordan felt a pressure in her bladder she hadn’t felt while sitting in the car. She would need to pee soon too. When she went around to the trunk to help get out the things for the picnic they were having later, she saw Grace dancing around dramatically. Standing must’ve made her need to go worse too. Grace was blonde, paler, and a bit shorter than Jordan, but she was in good shape as well and she had thicker thighs and a rounder butt than her roommate. She was wearing a hoodie as well, but it was a black zip up one, and she had on a pair of jean shorts that she had both hands firmly clamped between.

“What’s wrong Grace? Are you going to have an accident?” Jordan enjoyed seeing her roommate desperate to pee for a change, and it wasn’t often she got to tease someone else for their desperation.

“Nah, I could hold it longer probably, I’m just really really REALLY full.” Grace said, still dancing around. Jordan noticed Will watching Grace, staring at her legs and ass as she moved them every which way. But this didn’t make her jealous, she actually sort of liked it. Jordan couldn’t really tell you what sort of relationship the three of them had, but whatever it was it was fun.

“Well let’s get going then, the site is like a thirty minute walk.” Will said, before walking into the woods leading the way.

Even though they were pretty sure they were the only ones there, Grace wanted to be further into the woods before she peed. Jordan walked behind her, watching her bounce and sway as she took small steps. Grace kept complaining and whining about her desperation, but Jordan kept quiet about hers. She could’ve gone at any time, but she would have to stop walking and that would make it extremely obvious what she was doing. Also she didn’t want to use the pull-up too soon, since it was the only one they had and she had nothing to change into if she soaked it.

As the group came up along a small creek, the running water seemed to have pushed Grace to her limit.

“Oh fuck I need to piss, okay I’m gonna go.” Jordan and Will both watched as Grace unzipped the fly on her shorts, quickly pulling them down as she squatted close to the ground. She used one hand to brace herself against a tree behind her, and the other hand to pull her shorts and panties up out of the way. This gave Jordan and Will a clear sight of her pussy, slightly glistening with a few thin blonde hairs around it. Jordan looked over at will and saw him staring, again, she didn’t feel jealous at all, and was in fact excited at the growing bulge in his shorts.

But even more exciting was the sight in front of her. Jordan looked back at her best friend's pussy, she saw it quiver, and then a strong, clear stream burst forth from between her lips. Grace sighed and looked up to the sky as the piss cascaded out of her furiously, the stream hitting the ground beneath her sounded louder than the creek they were standing by.

This sight, these noises, were all too much for Jordan in the moment. She was still staring at Grace’s stream, but she began to feel the piss trickle out of her into her diaper. She spread her legs slightly and she gave up control to fully wet her diaper. She was used to the feeling by now, the warm softness snuggled up against her skin. Usually Grace or Will could tell when she was using her pull-up, but they were both too distracted to notice right now.

Will was still staring at Grace as her stream died down. Grace sighed again, before standing up slightly, shaking her butt to get rid of any extra drops still left on her, and pulling her pants and panties back up.

“That’s so much better, it’s been a while since I peed in the woods. It’s fun!” Grace told them.

Jordan finished her pee about the same time that Grace did. It wasn’t that much, she could probably use the pull-up again if she needed to. Still, the thought of her being wet and Grace and Will not knowing was exciting her for some reason.

“Are we close to the spot?” Grace asked Will, he seemed to snap out of a trance he’d been in ever since she first pulled her shorts down.

“What- oh uh it’s a little bit further down.” Will said before blushing. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen Grace pee, again the relationship between the three of them was a bit odd, but he obviously still enjoyed it a lot.

Will led the girls into a clearing in the woods, there was soft grass and wildflowers all around them.

“Wow, this is really nice.” Grace said.

“Yeah, I always wanted to come here with…someone…” Will told them.

“Well, can we get the food out? I’m starving!” Jordan asked.

The three of them laid out and enjoyed the lunch Jordan had made for them, it wasn’t anything fancy, just sandwiches, fruits, cheese, and crackers. And of course they drank water, and of course Jordan felt her bladder fill up, but she wasn’t the only one.

“Be right back, I’m gonna go pee.” Will sat up and said.

“Oh! I want to watch!” Grace told him.

“Yeah me too!” Jordan agreed. Will had a shocked look on his face, then he blushed.

“Uh.. okay… well I guess I can just do it right here then?” He replied.

“Wait! I have a better idea!” Grace said before crawling over to Jordan. Jordan was just laying on her front, and had no idea what her friend was planning to do, until Grace flipped up Jordan’s skirt and revealed her still slightly damp pull-ups.

“Wait, did you use this without telling us?” Grace asked.

“I mean yeah? What do I have to ask permission?” Jordan responded.

“I like that idea, but not now,” Grace told her before turning to Will who was obviously enjoying the sight of Jordan’s wet diapered bottom, “I want you to use her diaper.”

“What?!?” Will and Jordan said in unison.

“Sit up Jordan, I’m going to open up the front of your pull-up and Will is going to pee into it, c'mon it will be fun.”

Jordan and Will both blushed, but they both agreed, it did sound fun. So Jordan got on her knees, her skirt just kept getting in the way so she and Grace decided to just take it off completely. Grace knelt behind her, and reached between Jordan’s legs and rubbed the soft wet material of the diaper, getting a low moan out of her friend.

“Okay, you ready Will?” Grace asked.

Will gulped and nodded, he unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock. It was partially hard, from all the teasing the girls had put him through, but still not fully due to his desperate need to piss.

Grace grabbed the waistband of Jordan’s pull-ups and pulled them forward to reveal the slightly yellow tinged interior of the diapers. Will closed his eyes, took a deep sign, and then a golden arch emerged from the tip of his cock. Grace laughed and Jordan gasped as the hot liquid made contact with her skin. He was basically pissing on Jordan, and letting the piss run down off her skin into the diaper. Will opened his eyes to this sight, the two hottest girls he knew looking up at him as he pissed on one of them.

Then, Jordan felt the piss that was in her bladder start to make its way out of her, and she let it. She sighed again as her piss began to flow into the already saturated material. The warmth and wetness of all of it pressed against her was incredible. Will’s stream was dying down and the last few trickles hit the ground beneath him as he shook them off. But Jordan’s piss kept roaring into her pull-up, even though it was never designed to hold this much liquid. It was already leaking out of the sides and down her legs but she didn’t care, the pleasure was incredible.

“Wow, this thing is soaked!” Grace said as she pressed it up against Jordan, Jordan didn’t respond, she just shut her eyes and sat down into Grace’s hand, grinding her clit against the soft, squishy pull-up. It was so saturated that it was basically falling off of Jordan’s body, and Grace’s hand was the only thing keeping it up.

“I guess you’re enjoying this huh?” Grace said. Jordan opened her eyes and looked up at Will, who was still standing over them with his cock in his hand. Only now it was fully hard, and he was clearly stroking it.

“Oh uh sorry I just-” Will stammered before being cut off by Jordan.

“Don’t be sorry, it’s hot as fuck.” Jordan moaned as she kept grinding against Grace’s hand, completely losing all shame and focusing solely on increasing her pleasure. Her encouragement seemed to have an effect on Will, as the head of his cock began leaking again, this time with pre-cum.

“You guys should help each other out Jordan, why don’t you take this off?” Grace pressed up into the soggy pull-up again causing Jordan to whine. Then she removed her hand and tugged on the waistband. “C’mon I want to watch you two fuck.”

Jordan and Will locked eyes, Will looked too nervous to say anything but Jordan could tell how badly he wanted it, and she did too. Still keeping eye contact, she laid back into Jordan’s lap and nodded. Will took this chance to kneel down as well, cock still poking through the fly in his shorts as he hooked his fingers around Jordan’s pull-ups and tugged them off.

Now, Jordan was lying in her roommates arms in the middle of the woods, completely bottomless and covered in her and the boy who’s about to fuck her’s piss. Will took off his shorts and got between Jordan’s legs. He rubbed the tip of his cock up and down her slit, and both of them moaned, until Jordan was cut off unexpectedly by a kiss from Grace. When she pulled back they were both in shock and out of breath.

“I’m sorry this is just so hot.” Grace told them. “Just fuck her already Will.”

Will took that cue to finally slip the tip of his cock inside of Jordan. They both groaned, until Grace told Will to kiss her. Will tried to get closer to Grace in order to do this, and doing so he pushed himself deeper into Jordan. This caused her to moan incredibly loud, so loud in fact that Grace put her hand over her friend's mouth as she continued to kiss Will.

“Geez you sound like a pornstar,” Grace said as she broke the kiss. “Fuck her like one Will.”

Will locked eyes with Jordan again, both of them sweaty and panting, before Will dipped his head down and they locked their mouths in a deep passionate kiss, as Will continued to thrust his hips in and out of Jordan. Her legs rising up around his torso, Grace, not wanting to be fully left out of the action, started to grope her friend's tits underneath her shirt. Jordan continued to moan, but they were being muffled by Will’s mouth. As they kept getting louder, Grace rubbed and pinched Jordan’s nipple with her hand.

“I think she’s about to cum, keep it up.” She instructed Will, this caused Will to pick up the pace, and Jordan was lost in ecstasy. She couldn’t hold back anymore, she could only moan words of encouragement, urging Will to continue as the wave of pleasure finally reached its crest. Then it broke, and she felt her orgasm rock through her body, the most intense one of her life. She shook with pleasure, her bladder released the little bit of piss still in it and the warmth wrapped around Will’s cock. This took him to his limit too, and Grace felt more warmth squirt inside of her.

Will removed himself from Jordan and rolled over to collapse on the ground next to the girls.

“Holy fuck.” he said. “That was…. Shit I’m sorry I came inside you.” Will said, bolting upright in fear.

“It’s okay she’s on the pill.” Grace spoke for her friend, Jordan was exhausted, lying in her friend's lap in pure bliss. “Looks like you did a good job.”

“Yeah.. you did…” Jordan confirmed. “Thank you, both of you, you guys are amazing.”

“Thank you!” Will blurted out, “You too Grace, this is like… wow.”

“Okay you two, clean yourselves up.” Grace chuckled, before picking up Jordan’s skirt and soaking wet pull-up. “Actually Jordan I don’t know how we’re gonna clean you up, or what you’re going to wear under your skirt.”

“Oh it’s fine, I don’t need anything else underneath.” Jordan yawned. “Let’s get going, I’m exhausted.”

“I bet you are, let's get going so we can go to bed.” Grace winked at Will.

