Valerie 22 - Paris

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-11-09 10:28

Léa was sitting in the kitchen of her mother's flat in Neuilly, a prosperous and rather genteel suburb of Paris, sipping black coffee but ignoring the half-eaten croissant that lay on her plate. It was Saturday morning, a week after her return from London, and she was feeling at a low ebb despite the bright sunshine of a cold, crisp November day. She had two days of dull boredom to look forward to before she returned to her lycée and the relentless teasing of the clique of girls who had persecuted her throughout her school life.

It had, of course, never occurred to her that the group was now actually jealous of her for being singled out to attend a high-powered mathematics seminar, for making a week-long trip to London unaccompanied, for the publicly delivered praise she had received from her professeurs for the positive impression she had made on the Imperial College staff and, most unforgivably of all, for returning looking far more poised, self-confident and chic than the timid little mouse they were used to disparaging so easily. Léa had even started to attract approving looks from some of the boys in the school.

For Léa the worst thing of all was that her relationship with Daniel, the boy she had met at the seminar and who had seemed so nice and kind, was over before it could even be said to have started. He had emailed her soon after her return to Paris, wanting to arrange an opportunity for them to meet up again but after much reflection and heartache, she had replied a couple of days ago to explain about her susceptibility to wetting accidents and to say that for this reason it was best that they did not see each other again. That night she had cried herself to sleep.

Since then she had heard nothing from Daniel - silence.

He might at least have said goodbye, she thought.

###

The door intercom buzzed. A moment later her mother called out "Léa, there is an English boy outside who wants to see you. Do you want to speak with him? Shall I allow him to come up?"

Puzzled, Léa replied "I'll go down and see who it is."

She walked down the communal staircase and opened the front door to the apartments. There, standing on the steps and holding an enormous bouquet of flowers, was Daniel.

"I thought it would be better if we talked face to face" he said. "I hope you don't mind."

###

Daniel had arrived on the overnight coach from London and was due to return the same way that night. He had never visited Paris before so Léa decided to give him on a one-day tour of the city's most famous sights. They started by taking the Métro to Hôtel de Ville and braving the icy wind as they walked across the Pont d'Arcole to Notre Dame cathedral. After admiring the Gothic interior they had taken the rooftop tour, laughing as they photographed each other among the gargoyles that leered out over the city.

Concerned to hear that Daniel had had nothing to eat for 24 hours apart from a rather stale cheese roll at the coach station in London last night, Léa proposed an early lunch. They found a small restaurant in the Île de la Cité and when they were seated in a snug corner Daniel returned to the subject of Léa's email.

"You were extraordinarily brave to write so honestly about what must be a difficult subject for you. I wanted to explain, face to face, that for me it doesn't matter at all. Although we've only known each other for a few days I already know that I'm in love with you - I've never been more certain of anything in my life.

"And since you have been so open with me, let me be honest in return and tell you something that embarrasses me when I think about it.

"The night after the symposium ended I dreamed of you. You were lying beside me, half asleep, and you were wetting the bed. The strange part for me is that was the most erotic thing I have ever imagined. At that moment I wanted you so badly. And don't forget that this was long before you told me about your - problem - so I had no particular reason then to associate you with wetting accidents."

Léa's eyes grew round. "When did you say you had this dream?" she asked.

"Oh please don't be offended!" Daniel stammered. "I - I only told you because I want you to believe me when I say that if you wet yourself sometimes it wouldn't put me off....I don't want you to think I'm weird or something...." His voice tailed off.

"No, I'm not offended - not at all. I just want to know exactly when you had the dream."

"It was that Friday morning a week ago, just as I was waking up. About seven, I suppose it would have been."

"Because the truly bizarre thing is" said Léa slowly "I did wet the bed that Friday morning. I'd slept very deeply all night and I was in that unreal state between being asleep and awake when everything is completely relaxed. My body just let go. I was horrified when I realised what I was doing because I was staying with my friend Valérie in her London flat. Fortunately for me, she was very kind about it.

"And I don't wet my bed very often - not more than once a year or so - so that's quite a coincidence. If it is a coincidence." They looked at each other in astonishment.

After a moment, Daniel reached across the table and took Léa's hand in his.

"So" he said, looking deep into her eyes. "Will you allow me to be your boyfriend?"

###

After lunch they walked hand in hand across the Pont au Double and picked up one of the glass-topped riverboat shuttles for a ride along the Seine. Léa pointed out the sights of Paris as they passed and they eventually disembarked at the foot of the Eiffel Tower.

"Wow - its huge!" said Daniel, gazing up. "Let's go to the top!" Excitedly he led the way to the ticket kiosk.

Like many Parisians, Léa had never been up the tower and she was not at all sure she wanted to do so now but she didn't want to spoil Daniel's evident enjoyment of the city - her city. She secretly hoped there would be an impossibly long queue but, this being lunchtime in France, they found they would only need to wait about thirty minutes Daniel bought them hot coffees to help counter the cold wind.

Léa wondered if she should take the precaution of going to the lavatory beforehand but they had both used the restaurant's toilet only an hour ago and she told herself that she couldn't really need to go again so soon afterwards. It was just imagination....wasn't it?

They crowded into the lift for the first and second levels. Léa was disconcerted by the massive girders flashing past the windows and by the way the lift floor adjusted to keep the car horizontal as it climbed the splayed leg of the tower. Her heart was racing but she managed to stay outwardly calm.

They spilled out on to the busy second floor with its restaurants and gift shops and joined another queue for the long ascent up the spine of the tower to the top. This much smaller lift car was even more crowded and Léa and Daniel were huddled close to the glass side, watching the rooftops of Paris slowly recede below them. Léa started to panic.

"I don't like this!" she whispered to Daniel.

He put his arms protectively around her and held her close. "Its OK, he murmured. Can't be much further now."

The lift slowed, the view disappeared and the doors opened on to the narrow platform at the top of the tower, open to the elements apart from a balustrade topped by a cage to protect the suicidal and the terminally stupid. When Léa felt the whole tower rocking slightly in the wind she almost wet herself. She clung to Daniel's arm and squeezed her legs tightly together.

"You really aren't happy up here, are you?" Daniel asked with concern. Silently she shook her head. He led her straight back to the lift doors.

There were people waiting but they were able to get in to the next lift down. Léa brushed away a tear. "I'm sorry" she murmured, looking away from him out of the window. "Those tickets were expensive and I've spoilt the whole thing."

Daniel turned her around to face him and kissed her gently on the forehead. She looked sorrowfully up at him. Tenderly, he wiped away a tear from her other cheek and gave her another gentle kiss, this time on the lips.

Once back on the ground they walked hand in hand across the Pont d'Iena to the Trocadéro gardens. On the far bank of the Seine the Eiffel Tower stood magnificent in the autumn sunshine. Daniel put his arm round Léa's slim waist, drawing her close to him as they gazed back at one of the most romantic views anywhere on the planet. Eventually, she broke the silence.

"I'm never going to go up that bloody thing again!"

###

From the Trocadéro they walked up the broad, tree-lined avenue to the Bois de Boulogne, the forest remnant that now forms a huge park on the western side of the city, just south of Léa's mother's Neuilly flat.

Léa's need for a pee was increasing by the minute. There are plenty of public lavatories on the streets of Paris but almost all of them are sanisettes, automated pods that Léa's claustrophobia would never allow her to use. She would rather wet herself - and occasionally did.

They entered the park close to the the Lac Inférieur and Daniel suggested hiring a rowing boat. By now, Léa was preoccupied by how badly she needed to pee but she felt ashamed of herself for curtailing their Eiffel Tower visit so, without protest, she stepped delicately in to the boat and sat in the stern. Daniel clambered in, sat down facing her and picked up the oars.

He rowed her slowly round the lake's central island, looking at the lovely creature opposite him in her warm jumper and heavy winter skirt, her scarf wrapped stylishly round her neck. She was crossing and re-crossing her legs restlessly and he was surprised to see that what he had taken for thick tights were actually thigh-high socks with a glimpse of white briefs between them.

He wondered what she was thinking as she gazed out at the beautiful scenery. She was, in fact, thinking how cold it was getting and wondering whether they would get back to land before she soaked her knickers, her skirt and the boat's seat.

Mercifully for Léa, they did make it back before disaster struck. Even then, despite Daniel's steadying hand, she almost lost control when she stood up in the swaying boat and stepped on to the landing stage.

They set off on a narrow path that Léa knew would eventually bring them out of the park close to her home. When they had gone a short distance into the woods, she stopped walking and looked around to make sure that nobody was in sight apart from Daniel.

"I'm sorry" she said "but I need to pee desperately and I'm not going to get home before I wet my culotte. I'd rather do it here, out of sight, than have a public accident on the street where I live."

She stepped on to the grass beside the path, spread her legs wide and let go. Daniel watched as a stream appeared beneath her skirt and pattered on to the ground between her parted feet.

When she eventually finished, Léa came up close to Daniel and said apologetically "You did say you wouldn't mind...."

By way of answer he took her in his arms and kissed her passionately. She felt him hard against her.

"Are you going to do that every time I wet myself?" she asked with a smile.

"Oh, I expect so!"

"In that case maybe I'll do it more often" she murmured, looking up at him with a naughty girl expression. He gave her another long, passionate kiss.

"I think we'd better get back to the flat now" Léa said, disentangling herself and resuming their walk. "Mother insists you have dinner with us before you travel back to London tonight. I think she approves of you. Arriving with flowers is definitely her idea of how things should be done."

Despite the rapidly cooling wetness between her legs, Léa felt happier than she had been for many years. She had wet herself in front of Daniel and it didn't matter. Even better, he liked it! Smiling up at him she said "If I'm going to have accidents-on-purpose just for you, I must buy myself some nice little culottes - do you say panties in English?"

"British girls call them knickers" he replied, not really caring what she called them as long as he was there when she was wetting them. "Panties is more American. But as you're French you can choose for yourself."

"You're so kind!" she replied with a mock curtsy. "Panties, then. It sounds prettier."

They emerged from the park and walked up the street towards Léa's mother's flat. Turning a corner they came face to face with two of her tormentors from school. The expressions on their faces when they saw her hand in hand with Daniel was something that Léa would treasure for a long time to come.

