Tentakeel Pit Stop (a Squid Sisters short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-09-01 17:23

"Well,Here we are!" The driver said while stopping the limo in front of a random manhole.

"Thank you,Jelladrian. I appreciate it." Marie said while slowly stepping out of the van. She was wearing a green yukata with squid patterns on it. A costume that she had worn during the play she just came back from.

"Are you sure you don't want me to take you back all the way to your house?" The driver asked.

"It's fine. i don't want to be swarmed by fans upon stepping out of there. Plus my grandpas house isn't too far from here and i've been wanting to visit him for a while now." Marie replied.

"Okay but,are you sure this is a good place to stop?" The driver asked.

"I'll be fine. don't worry." Marie said.

"If you say so. I'll see you tomorrow Miss Marie."

"Stay Fresh!" Marie replied while making their trademark pose. The limo drove off,leaving Marie alone in the dark. Now that she was by herself,she crossed her legs and stiffly made her way to the Manhole.

"Man...I love the fans. But they give you next to no breathing room." Marie whispered to herself. Ever since the Callie vs Marie splatfest that happened 2 years ago,the Squid Sisters' popularity had skyrocketed. They began making solo recording and eventually began doing more Solo gigs. However,this caused them to spend less and less time with each other and there was a constant growing pressure from the new fans they had made.

.....and that wasn't the only pressure that kept growing as her career got bigger. With how invasive the fans could be,Marie often didn't have time for bathroom breaks. As such she would find herself holding it until she got home. There are times where she barely made it and sometimes she even considered hiding somewhere and taking care of business. In fact,she was very tempted to do so right now. But she didn't want to risk a random fan walking by and seeing it. News travelled pretty quickly around inkopolis. She took a deep breath and stared at the manhole.

"Ugh...i hate doing this with a full bladder." Marie said to herself. With a deep breath,Marie transformed into her squid form and jumped into the manhole. She began swimming through the pipes at a quick pace. However,She kept clenching her eyes and she would occasionally cross her tentacles. After a painful swim,she jumped out of another manhole and upon reverting back to her humanoid form,she quickly crossed her legs and clenched her fists. Having a full bladder was already stressful enough as it is,but having a full bladder while in squid form? Now that was pure torture.

Right now she was in Octo Canyon,the place where her grandpa's' cabin was located. Marie speed-walked away from the manhole and headed towards one of the pads. She transformed into her squid form once again and then Super Jumped towards one of the sectors of the Canyon. She transformed back into a humanoid immediately upon landing and crossed her legs tighter.

"No! No! No! Just a little longer!" Marie said as she rubbed her legs together frantically. Once she had her bladder a little under control,she raised her head and the Cuttlefish Cabin entered her line of sight. She hastily made her way to the door and pulled a key out of her Yukata. She unlocked the door and quickly shut the door. She stiffly made her way to the bathroom door. She approached the bathroom door with no interruptions from her grandfather.

"I guess he isn't here right now..." She thought to herself. But she was gonna worry about that later,she had an ink-tank to empty. She entered the bathroom and closed the door. She turned around and let out a sigh. The sight of the Squat toilet made her feel slightly relieved. so much so that she nearly relaxed her bladder muscles to early. She crossed her legs and approached the toilet while lifting her Yukata up. She pulled down her panties and squatted right above the toilet.Soon the silence in the toilet was replaced by the sound of pee splashing against the toilet bowl below.

"Hmmm....." Marie moaned. A blush slowly appearing on her cheeks as she released hours of pent up,lime colored urine. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back. The feeling of relief quickly took over her body and melted away all the stress she felt earlier. She leaned her head forward again and looked at her pee stream. She was somewhat impressed with how long it seemed to go on for. However,her thoughts were interrupted when she heard a knock on the bathroom door.

"It's occupied!" Marie yelled.

"M-Marie?! Please hurry! I can't hold it any longer!" A voice frantically yelled. A voice Marie was very much familiar with. Her cousin and the other half of the Squid Sister; Callie.

"Uhh,just a second,cuz..." Marie said as she looked at her stream,which was still going strong.

"Please hurry up! I'm about to wet myself!" Callie yelled. Marie sighed and waited for her stream to end. After a few more seconds,her stream weakened until only a couple of drops came out. She grabbed some toilet paper and used it to wipe herself clean before flushing the toilet and cleaning her hands. She opened the door and exited the bathroom.

"It's all yours,Call- OMPH!" Marie said as she bumped into Callie,who was frantically making her way to the bathroom.

"gottapeegottapeegottapee! C'mon! Callie said as she lifted her pink shirt a little and pulled down her black pants. Marie caught a glimpse of a wet patch between her legs before Callie pulled down her panties and hastily tried to position herself above the toilet. However,she couldn't hold it in any longer and a stream of pink colored pee quickly jetted out of her lower body. Callie moaned as she tried to get into a move comfortable position. Once her butt was hovering a few inches above the toilet,she relaxed and let out a loud a noise that would've made anyone nearby blush.

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....i made it..." Callie moaned as her mouth hung wide open and her eyes were halfway closed.

"Oh...i needed this..." Callie moaned yet again.

"I can see that. You needed this so badly that you forgot to close the door." Marie said as did exactly that. Even with the door closed,Marie could still hear Callie moaning. Callie closed her eyes and her mouth still hung open as she released a torrent of urine.

"Hah...that was way too close. oh..the inking toilet back at the theater just had to be out of order..." She said to herself as her pee continued to cascade into the toilet below. Her stream went on for a while but soon it weakened and came to an end. Callie grabbed some toilet paper and was just about to wipe herself until she noticed the wet patch on her panties.

"Aw man...."

Marie was wandering around the house looking for her grandfather,but he was nowhere to be found. She sighed and pulled out her phone. Right as she was about to send the text,she heard the sound of the toilet flushing. After a few seconds,Callie exited the bathroom and let out a satisfied sigh.

"I feel much better now. I'll be heading back to the bedroom if you need me." Callie said. Marie raised her eyebrow and then noticed callie holding something.

"What is that?" Marie asked. Callie tried to hide it from view and smiled.

"N-Nothing. Just some dirty cloth i found on the ground." Callie replied with a blush.

"Did you ink tank have a few leaks?" Marie teased.

"N-No! not at all! S-shush!" Callie said as she hastily walked away from Marie. Marie let out a sigh and looked around.

"Hey! Where's gramps? isn't he usually here?" Marie asked.

"I dunno. Didn't you say he went on a trip with Agent 3?" Callie yelled back.

Marie thought about it for a second and then shrugged.

"I guess that trip must last longer than they expected." Marie said to herself.

*002*2021-09-02 10:38

Thank you ^^

{{3 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

What I don't understand is why someone swimming through a sewer with a full bladder wouldn't just let it out in the water.

}}

In-game,both the inklings and Marie leave a huge splash of ink whenever they go through a system that leads to Octo Canyon. So i always assumed that they swim through ink in order to get there.

I’m still not 100% sure how water works with inklings. I’ve seen sources saying that they dissolve when they touch water but i’ve also seen sources that states they just can’t swim in water.

