Omovember Day 14: Desperate at the Mall

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-17 19:27

$$

"So...will i be seeing you around?" A guy asked while following Audrey,who was holding several shopping bags in her hand.

"Yeah..i guess.." Audrey said. Looking completely uninterested.

"Maybe you can stop by my house later. We could have some fun. If you know what i mean..." the guy said with a grin.

"Yeah,yeah! Get the fuck out of here already." Audrey said with an angrier expression. The guy raised his hands and backed away from her.

"Ugh...I swear,It's always the complete losers that want to try and fuck me." Audrey said to herself. She then looked at her bags and smiled.

"But they give me free shit,so i guess it's not that bad." Audrey said as she began walking away from the shop she was in just now. She stopped and looked around. She didn't have anything else to do now.

"Maybe i'll just sit down and light one up. I need to relieve some stress after dealing with that bastard." Audrey said to herself. She found a spot where she was allowed to smoke and placed down her bags. She pulled out a pack of cigarettes and lit one up. She let out a sigh and exhaled some smoke out.

"Maybe i'll text that other loser. At least they knows how to make a date entertaining." Audrey said as she kept smoking. Eventually,she dropped the cigarette and stomped on it. With nothing else to do,Audrey just looked at the sky. She kept staring,trying her hardest to think of something to do.

"...Fuck. I have to take a piss." Audrey said. For as uneventful as she found the date with that rando to be,at least he distracted her from her need to pee. But now that was standing still with nothing to distract her...

"Damn it. I swear they must've spiked these drinks with something." She said as she grabbed her bags and walked away. Her moving speed was slightly faster than it was while she was on that date. She looked at the shops and rolled her eyes. they were all shops that only had employee bathrooms and Audrey already knew there was no point in asking them if they could make an exception. After a few more pressured steps,she arrived at a store. She entered the store and headed straight for the bathroom,but then she stopped upon noticing a sign.

"Please insert 50 cents to use the bathroom."

"Son of a bitch,really?!" Audrey complained. She hadn't brought any spare change with her, So this restroom was a bust. She exited the store with a huff.

"Whose idea was it to charge people for using the fucking toilet?!" Audrey asked to nobody. She kept walking until she saw a sign pointing to the ladies room.

"Ugh,there we go!" She said as she continued walking.

"Oh,you gotta be fucking kidding me." Audrey said as the big line in front of the ladies room entered her line of sight. Audrey let out another loud huff and got in the line. She began impatiently tapping her feet while the line very slowly got smaller and smaller. Audrey looked around for something to distract her,but there was nothing. Audrey crossed her legs and clenched her teeth. Had it not been for the fact that she was holding her shopping bags,she might've been keeping her hands on her crotch.

"Can you all hurry up?! i need to pee!" Audrey said loudly.

"And you think we don't?!" The girl right behind her said,looking equally desperate as her. Audrey just rolled her eyes and stepped forward as another girl left the restroom. As the line got shorter,Audrey grew increasingly more frustrated.

"What the hell are they doing in there? a piss shouldn't have to take so long!" Audrey thought to herself. Eventually, Audrey was last in line. She was rubbing her thighs together and her face looked more strained than it was when she got into the line. Eventually,the girl approached the exit and audrey wasted no time running in.

"Move,damn it! i have to pee!" She said as she shoved the girl to the side. She entered the now empty stall and dropped her shopping bags. After looking the door,she hastily pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet.

"Haaaaah.....finally." Audrey said as she relaxed. Her pee loudly splattering against the inside of the toilet. She reared her head back and closed her eyes. The feeling of the relief going through her made her feel so good. it was almost as good as sex. Or at least she assumed. Despite her claims,she was still a virgin.

Her peeing soon came to an end and her stream had weakened into a few tiny drops. She grabbed the toilet paper and wiped herself clean. She then pulled her panties back up and flushed the toilet. After grabbing her bags,she exited the bathroom and washed her hands. As she was washing her hands,the saw another woman enter the stall she was just in. Audrey dried her hands and exited the ladies room.

"Ugh...i'm still bored." Audrey whined. With nothing else to do,she decided to just go home. Maybe she could get high once she was there.

