Omovember Day 11: Desperate in a Desert

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-13 20:15

$$

"Alright,Everyone! Move out! Make sure you scout every inch of the desert until you find that thunder helm. Do not disappoint Lady Riju!" Buliara said. All the guards cheered and moved out. Among those guards was Barta and her friends,Leena and Kotta.

"We've been looking for that helm for several days now. Those Yiga scum really know how to hide." Koota said.

"Well,they ARE ninjas." Leena said.

"Ugh...i really wish we could get a break." Barta said.

"Of course YOU need a break,you often go into incredibly dangerous territory just for the thrill of it." Leena said.

"I kinda agree with Barta. We've been so busy training. I haven't had time to focus on preparing myself for meeting the man of my dreams." Koota said.

The three guards continued chatting until they were outside of Gerudo town. The 3 began patrolling around the town and then spread out to search around the area. However,they found nothing. No Yiga clan member,no thunder helm. Just a bunch of Watermelons and Lyzalfos preparing to ambush whoever walked into their territory. Something that wasn't a problem for the Gerudo Soldiers in training. But after an hour of searching with no results,the Gerudo soon got frustrated.

"Ugh..How long have we been searching for now?" Barta complained.

"I don't know. I've lost track of time. In fact,i've lost track of our location." Leena said.

"Ugh..i need to rest." Koota said. The tree stopped near a rock and sat down.

"*Phew* having to travel through these hot lands is not fun." Barta said.

"Hey,at least it makes use stronger." Leena said.

"Oh...maybe i shouldn't have had those watermelons." Koota said. Her two friends turned to her with a confused look.

"What's wrong?" Barta asked.

"Oh nothing. Just gotta visit the little Gerudo's room." Koota said with her hands between her legs.

"......Oh Hylia. Now that you mention it. I need to go pretty badly two." Leena said.

"Well...There's nobody around. I'd say a little pee break couldn't hurt." Barta said. So it was settled. The 3 Gerudo stood up and prepared to relieve themselves. Koota undid her belt and pulled down her pants,revealing a lack of underwear on her part. She squatted down until she was in a comfortable position. She looked back for a second and saw her friends pulling down their pants too. However,instead of getting in the same position she was in, They stood with their legs a little spread and their pants were all the way down. She put their hands on their nether regions and closed their eyes.

"Uhh..what are you two doing?" Koota asked.

"Uh? peeing? Barta replied with a confused look.

"....Huh? Like that?"

"Yeah,it's more convenient than having to crouch down." Leena said.

"Have..you never done so before?" Barta asked. To which Koota shook her head and stood up.

"It's pretty easy. Place your hands like this." Barta instructed. Koota stood up and followed the instructions. She proceeded to spread her lips like her friends were doing.

"Now thrust your hips forward a little and then relax." Leena said. Koota did so and closed her eyes. Almost at the same,the 3 Gerudo guardians let out a stream that flew in a slight art and then landed on the ground. Creating a puddle that slowly darkened the sand below.

"Haaahhh....so much better." Barta said.

"Agreed.."Leena replied.

"O-Ohhhh!" Koota moaned. Her stream wasn't as "accurate" as her two friends.

"Easy there. It can be a bit difficult on your first try." Barta said.

"You get the hang of it eventually." Leena said. The 3 continued peeing until eventually their streams weakened. The 3 guards backed off and looked at the sand below. There was a big patch of wet sand a few puddles in said sand.

"*Phew* Not bad." Barta said.

"Thanks...But i've made quite a mess. Is there anything i can wipe with?" Koota said. pointing at some of the drops sliding down her legs.

"Uhh.." Leena said.

"Not really. Usually when i have to stop for a pee break,i either use some leaves or just tough it out." Barta said.

"That's...gross." Koota said.

"There's not really another option,now is there?" Barta replied. Koota sighed and reluctantly pulled her pants back up,her body cringing at the slight wetness.

"Well,with that done. How about we continue that search?" Leena said.

"I suppose we should." Barta said. The 3 guards continued down their patrol as if nothing had happened. However,unbeknownst to them; there was one Hylian Vai who stood there with eyes wide open. She saw everything that just happened and let out a deep sounding "huh?"

