The New Normal

Author: omofan5

*000*2020-12-07 20:57

Hey everyone! This is the first story I'm posting here and the first omo story I've written in a while. Feedback is appreciated and please enjoy!

Of all the ways this pandemic fucked with her life, Zoom University had to be the thing Jess hated the most. Sitting in a classroom was never her idea of fun, but at least she was able to get out of her room. After spending months imprisoned in her childhood bedroom, she wanted to be in a classroom. But there she was, in that same childhood bedroom wearing gray sweatpants, sipping from her third coffee of the day about to start her third and final class, a two hour one. Not just any two hour class, one that required her camera to be on for the entire time. Sighing, she logged into her zoom lecture and prepared to be bored out of her mind.

It was 15 minutes into the lecture that she realized how fast her bladder had been filling up. She thought back on her day and realized that she hadn’t used the bathroom since she got up in the morning, and cursed herself for not going between classes. She began to squirm in her seat then realized that anybody, including her professor, could be watching her at any time. So she went back to trying to sit still.

Between her increasingly aching bladder and the monotone droning of her professor's lecture in her headphones, Jess thought that the class was going to take forever. Looking at the time she realized it’s been 30 minutes since she last checked, but her desperation increased to a point where now she had to keep her legs closed tightly. She couldn’t tell if anyone noticed, most other students seemed as clocked out as she usually was. But there were some cute-ass boys in this class that she was hoping to talk to once she went back to campus. And rationally, she knew nobody could tell about her need, but she really didn’t want to risk that. While lost in thought she was startled by one of her more studious classmates asking a question.

“Shit!” Jess exclaimed, the first squirt of piss leaked out into her panties, leaving what would turn into a tennis-ball sized stain. But Jess had another issue.

“Let's all make sure we have our microphones off okay?” Her professor's monotone voice said, and Jess realized her microphone was on for that.

Jess went bright red and apologized and made sure her mic was muted, but now attention was drawn to her for the rest of the class. She sighed and jammed her hand between her legs, shuddering as she felt the wet spot on her panties press against her groin. Her bladder now having felt a bit of release wanted more, and another spurt was let out, catching her off guard. This one with enough power to soak through her panties and begin to saturate the seat of her sweatpants.

Jess looked at the time and saw another hour was left and she felt tears welling up in her eyes. She needed to go so bad. She didn’t want to wet herself but she was coming to terms that it might not be in her control. She thought about her seat, and how if she soaked it she would have no way of cleaning it. Figuring that if she can’t save her panties, she should at least try to save her chair. She looked around the room for something she could sit on. Her bed was too far away to grab her blankets and pillows. And her hamper was on the other side of the room so no dirty clothes or towels. The only things within reach were a pair of sweatshirts, one red and one blue.

Jess looked at them and began to question her commitment to this plan. She loved those sweatshirts and knew that the stains on them would be huge. But then another wave of desperation hit her, and along with it came another leak, this time with enough power to soak through her sweatpants. She could feel the hot piss in between her ass and seat and decided to go for it.

Jess tried to lean over as discreetly and quickly as possible, not realizing the pressure this would put on her bladder would be just too much, and a steady stream began which completely soaked her panties. Quickly, Jess grabbed the sweatshirts, putting the blue one down first on the already slightly wet chair, then the red one who was fated to take most of the damage. Once she sat down on the sweatshirts Jess could no longer contain her bladder and completely emptied her bladder where she sat.

Jess was half lost in the relief of finally being able to release her piss, and half worried about how weird she must look if anyone was watching her right now. Her face was burning red and as the stream started to end the dread in her stomach began as she realized she just pissed her pants. She was snapped out of this by her professor.

“Okay we’re gonna leave a little early today, make sure you read chapter 5 for next class period.”

Jess sat dumbfounded as the zoom call ended. She closed her laptop and looked down at her lap. Most of the damage was on her butt and she stood up to examine it further. And like she reckoned her sweatpants were soaked and clung to her ass in a way that displayed the line of her equally soaked pink panties. She looked at her chair and the red sweatshirt took most of the damage. There was a huge heart shaped wet mark taking up almost the entirety of the back of the sweatshirt. Peeling the red sweatshirt up and shuddering at the smell, she saw that some of her piss soaked through to the blue one, but less, and the stain was more circular and smaller. The seat of her chair came next and to her relief it wasn’t soaked, just slightly damp and very warm.

Once the shock and anxiety of the episode faded away, exhaustion set in for Jess and she peeled off her pants and panties and put them in the dirty clothes hamper with the sweatshirts. She knew she needed a shower but didn’t have enough energy for that and pulled on a fresh pair of cotton shorts and fell on her bed.

*003*2020-12-20 01:23

While the pandemic obviously changed a lot for Jess, shopping was one of those things that she always found solace in, especially now. And with Christmas right around the corner, she wanted to keep the tradition of going out to her favorite shops in town. Little boutiques and trinket shops lining the main road in her town. Shops that require people like her to go out and spend their money at them to stay afloat during these times. So with a large coffee purchased at a small cafe downed fast, Jess was fulfilling her civic duty of supporting small businesses. She thought of all the shops she’d need to stop at to fill out her list. Speaking of filling, Jess was hyper aware of her bladder, due to her recent accident that was still fresh in her memory. She had made sure nothing like that happened again by regularly using the restroom whenever she got the chance, like now.

“Do you guys have a bathroom I can use?” She asked the barista behind the counter.

“Sorry, our bathrooms are closed due to sanitary restrictions.” He told her.

Jess told him it was okay and thanked him for his help anyways, but inside she began to panic a bit.

“It’s fine.” Jess thought. “I’ll be able to get to a bathroom soon, one of these stores is bound to have one.”

First she went into a little bookstore that sold second hand books. This was usually her favorite store to look around in, but the first thing she ended up reading was a sign on the door behind the counter that said “RESTROOM- EMPLOYEES ONLY” in big red letters. She sighed and carried on shopping casually.

“I’ll just go in the next store.” Jess thought “They’re sure to have a bathroom, one of them is..”

While she was walking through the rows of books Jess’s desperation grew more and more. She could always find herself lost in books, to a point where she blocked out everything else. Her bladder snapped her back to reality though, as she looked at her watch and realized she had been in the bookstore alone for thirty minutes.

“Crap.” She thought. “I need to visit the rest of these stores quick, before they close.”

The next store on her list was a little boutique that sold jeans that Jess loved. While they were expensive, Jess still loved to try them on and grabbed one off the rack. This was a pair of white, skinny jeans. Similar to the pair of light washed jeans she had on right now. She also grabbed a blouse that was in stark contrast to the hoodie she was wearing. In the changing room she took off her jeans and felt how much that relieved pressure on her bladder. Looking in the mirror, she saw her bladder sticking out over her grey panties that had pink polka dots, one of her favorite pairs due to how cute they were. She winced bending over to pull the jeans up. Once they got below her butt she had to jump to pull them up, and once they were up she realized her mistake.

“Fuck.” Jess thought, she immediately grabbed her crotch but it was too late, the spurt of piss already released. “Oh no, please don’t tell me-“. Jess pulled the jeans off as quickly as possible without letting more leaks out. Luckily, there were no stains on the jeans. But her grey panties had a stain right on the crotch. Once she was sure she fully regained control Jess put the clothes back on the rack.

Jess rushed through the rest of the shops on her list. Now with loads of bags in hand she was squirming, as her bladder still had no relief. Beginning to worry, Jess decided that since she did need to stop there anyways for a few things she couldn’t find at the shops, she’ll go to the mall and use the bathrooms there. But it was a 20 minute drive on a good day, and holiday shopping meant that today wasn’t a good day.

Once in traffic Jess continued to let spurts out, she tried her best to contain them. She didn’t want to look down at her pants and see the damage, but she knew the stain would be noticeable, but she didn’t care. She just didn’t want to have another accident. With one hand on the wheel she pulled into the mall parking lot.

“Goddamnit there’s never anywhere to park.” She grumbled. All the spots near any of the entrances were taken, and there were only a few spots near the back left open. She pulled into one of them and hobbled out of her car. Walking to the entrance of the mall took everything she had. This wasn’t like her bedroom, this was public. She’d be mortified if she wet herself here. She could already tell people were staring at her, and she wasn’t sure if it was from the stain on the back of her jeans or the very obvious pee dance walk. But she was bright red as she finally made her way to the door. She saw a sign on the front that made her stomach drop.

“MASKS REQUIRED”

She forgot her mask in the car.

Jess wanted to cry. She couldn’t believe it, but she couldn’t let herself give up. She couldn’t wet herself in public. It would be too humiliating. She had to get back to the car and get back up here and use the bathroom, not wet herself like a little kid again.

But her bladder just couldn’t do it. The whole way back, every step was either a leak or an almost one. Both hands now jammed between her legs, it took her twice the time to get back down the parking lot than it did to get up. She knew she’d have to remove one hand to open the car, and she didn’t know what her plan was when that happened. She just knew she couldn’t wet herself. There had to be something else she could do. She thought about pulling her pants and panties down and just pissing, but that would be even more humiliating. Anybody could just see her, and she valued protecting the view of her privates over protecting her jeans, or at least she was weighing the two.

Now back at the car, Jess ran into the problem of opening the door. She took one hand from her crotch to reach in her pocket, but that was all it took. Her bladder just couldn’t take any more. She tried to quickly move the hand back but it was too late now. All the piss that had been pent up for hours came roaring out into her jeans. She quickly rushed to pull her jeans down, and got them around her knees when she remembered where she was. Squatting next to her car, her piss soaked her gray panties, and a huge puddle formed underneath her ass. She looked around and thankfully no one was watching but she was still mortified.

“This can’t be happening” she thought. Unlike her previous wetting, the relief couldn’t overshadow the shame as she was still terrified someone would pop around the corner and see her pissing her panties in public. But no one did. And she pulled her jeans back up and sat down in her car.

She pulled her wet pants down her thighs to examine the damage. Her panties were soaked. It was worse than the first accident. Tears formed in her eyes at the shame, she couldn’t go back in like this, she started her car and began to head home in her wet but cooling panties.

