Ask NPM's Charazzy! - Page 6

Author: OasisOnLock

*126*2020-06-15 15:27

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

If you unflatten your bladder how big do you think it has gotten

}}

Asi: It, uhm... —It can't be... too much bigger than when I... 'flattened' it a little bit ago, but... would you like to see it—?

Asriel's face flushed as well as she briefly brought her hands behind her back once more in preparation to adjust her clothes.

{{4 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Are you thirsty again miss? I can go brew you some tea if you'd like!

Ooohhh, wait, maybe you're hungry? You have been sitting there for a while... I hope that throne is comfy.

}}

Chr: I... could have another bit of tea, and... I suppose I could eat, as well—The Throne is comfortable enough, don't worry.

*129*2020-06-15 15:40

{{1 minute ago, ScarletteV said:

Alrighty! You want anything special? Any particular flavour of tea? Anything specific to eat? I'm happy to help!~

}}

Chr: I'd... like the same type of tea as last time, and... —good question, on what to eat—

Chara briefly glanced to the clock and realized that it was almost time to close the Throne Room for the night.

Chr: ... —I should... wait for dinner as usual with the rest of the family.

{{Just now, Omo luna said:

Yes I would definitely love to see asirel

}}

Asi: Alright, I can... —

Asriel spent a short length of time making this adjustment before her bladder was allowed to bulge outwards once more as it had grown swollen slightly further under the effects of the diuretic.

*132*2020-06-15 15:47

{{3 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

I love the size of it may I poke it asirel

}}

Asi: I... —Yes, you... may.

Asriel obediently turned her body slightly so that her bladder was closer to the other Monster while her tail swished in a small circle behind herself.

{{2 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Very well! I'll be back in a few moments!

}}

Chara nodded and remained patiently in her position for a length of time.

*134*2020-06-15 16:03

{{11 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

*gently pokes asirel bladder bulge*

}}

The contents of Asriel's bladder sloshed quietly once more against this poking and her tail hesitantly continued to wag gently as her bladder could be felt twitching a number of times.

Asi: Do you, uhm... like that—?

*137*2020-06-15 16:15

{{5 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Okay miss Chara, I'm baaack!~

*She hands Chara the tea*

I'm glad I didn't need to heat anything, otherwise that would've taken a bit longer!~

}}

Chara gently took the tea from the other Monster and took a light sip from it as she smiled politely once more.

Chr: Thank you—it wouldn't have been a problem if that took another while, but I appreciate you getting back in a timely manner.

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

Yes I do asirel but I don’t wanna poke it too hard

}}

Asi: You're not gonna... 'too hard'—I can, uh... hold it—it's fine—

Asriel demonstratively separated her legs slightly showing that she still had an impressive amount of control over this urge as her tail subconsciously heightened in its wagging.

*141*2020-06-15 16:34

{{17 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Are you sure asirel are you sure you want me to poke your bulge hard

}}

Asi: I, uhm... I wouldn't... necessarily want you to do it, but I suppose I can... allow you to.

Asriel kept her bladder exposed towards the other Monster as her face flushed another amount.

{{17 minutes ago, HaHaTimeForOmo said:

Chara, when WAS the last time you used the restroom?

}}

Chara's attention perked towards this question and she remained silent for several moments in embarrassment before speaking;

Chr: ... After the... end of the contest, of course.

{{16 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Hehe~ I'm just glad to help! I mean, it's not every day you get to have a nice chat with the queen!~

}}

Chr: If you'd like to, you're welcome to come back tomorrow.

Chara then scratched the top of the other Monster's head gently for a moment as the chime of a distant clock marked the closing of the Throne Room.

Chr: ... —and... anything else will have to be tomorrow—Does anyone have quick matters to settle before they leave?

*144*2020-06-15 16:56

{{11 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

*pokes asirel bulge a bit hard* How long are you gonna keep holding your pee in

}}

Asi: I'll... uhm... —I guess... —I don't know—maybe until... it's as big as it was during the contest, but I... don't want people to see—

Asriel's bladder continued to twitch and tense beneath the other Monster's poking as her tail twitched slightly among its wagging.

{{7 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

Aww, alright? I really didn't feel like we were here for that long...

But I'll definitely swing by tomorrow! I wonder if you'll still be holding- that would be rather daring wouldn't it?~

}}

Chr: It would've been more time, but... the ceremony happened a bit later in the day than it usually would've—I'll be glad to see you tomorrow—and...

Chara's attention returned lightly down her body as she adjusted the position of her legs a small amount.

Chr: I suppose... it would be 'daring'—I don't see a reason to do so.

*147*2020-06-15 17:16

{{5 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

But I love to see it get bigger asirel

}}

Asi: I can... —If... you do, I guess I can... show you, once in a while, but... keep it hidden most of the time.

Asriel's face flushed deeply once more as she demonstratively compressed her bladder beneath her clothes another time.

{{1 minute ago, ScarletteV said:

So you're not up to the challenge then?~ That's fine!~ You already held for so damn long to get your role in the first place, I'd imagine you'd want a break for major holds~

I mean, that's normally how I feel about it, so maaaaaybe that's just me projecting a bit~

}}

Chara's eyes narrowed slightly towards the other Monster with this statement.

Chr: ... I'm not sure I like your tone. If you're presenting it as a challenge, I ac—

Chara caught herself mid-sentence and breathed a quiet sigh before pausing for several moments and reluctantly committing to her sentiment;

Chr: I... accept.

