Omovember Day 6: Trapped and Desperate

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-06 20:12

$$

"Please....Hero...come and save me." Zelda whispered. She opened her eyes and was greeted by the cell. She let out a sigh and sat back down. She was able to reach the hero with her telepathic message. Now all she had to do was wait for him to come rescue him. And she hoped he would do so soon. Cause not only was hyrule in danger right now,but the Princess had to deal with a another slight problem. Namely her need to relieve herself.

She hadn't been keeping up with how much time had passed since she was locked up in the cell but it was enough time for her bladder to fill up to the point where it was making her feel a bit impatient. The guards didn't even place a toilet in the cell,not even a chamber pot. And with how they had been mind controlled,asking now seemed out of the question. The closest thing she had to a chamber pot was a treasure chest with a blue rupee inside of it. But she wasn't gonna resort to that. Especially not with all the guards patrolling the area. So she decided to hold it and wait for the hero to come rescue her. But as the minutes passed, She began getting more worried. There was nothing to distract her and no matter how hard she tried,her mind always went back to the pressure building up inside her by the minute.

"Oh...Link,please hurry. i don't think i can hold it for much longer." The princess said while keeping her hands between her thighs. More minutes had passed and there was still no sign of link anywhere. Zelda was pacing around the cage,crossing her legs every once in a while in a vain attempt to ease the pressure. She looked back at the treasure chest. The idea of using it to relieve herself seemed more and more tempting by the minute,but she ultimately stepped away from it. If link were to open the treasure chest...

"I...i must not think about it!" Zelda said with a blush on her face. She sat down and went back to waiting.

...and waiting.

...and waiting.

Zelda groaned and looked back at the chest. But then she saw the guard patrolling the cage again.

"....Link! hurry. i'm at my limit." Zelda said to herself. Thankfully,it seems her prayers were answered. Right after she said that,a pot made contact with one of the guards and he was then taken out by a sword swing. A swing that came from none other than Link,there hero she had been waiting for.

"Link! You're here! Oh! Thank you!" Zelda said as Link opened the cage for her. Zelda got up and stood still for a bit,the sudden movement caused her bladder to pressure her even more.

"I...Listen link,i know a secret path we can take to reach the throne room." Zelda said with a blush on her face. Those words not helping her with her current predicament.

"If you can follow me and help me fend of the guards." Zelda said. Link nodded with a stoic face and motioned her to exit the cage. The two made their way through the dungeon,carefully avoiding the guards until.

"Eeek!" Zelda quickly crossed her legs tighter and placed both hands on the front of her dress.

"Nonono....i think i leaked!" Zelda thought to herself.

She looked up and saw Link staring at her.

"Oh..Link i uhh..." Zelda said her face slowly turned red. She didn't want him to know,but it was starting to seem like a foolish decision.

"...I'm sorry. I've been holding it for so long. I really need to use the ladies room." Zelda said while looking away.

"I really don't think i can hold it until we reach the throne room. What do i do?" Zelda asked. Link thought quickly and pointed at a few pots next to a wall. Zelda hated the idea,but at this point she didn't have the luxury of choosing. She ultimately went with the idea and grabbed one of the pots and placed it in front of her.

"Please. Don't look..And don't listen either!" Zelda said. Link turned around and covered his ears. Zelda hiked up her dress and pulled down a pair of white panties with a slight wet patch on them. Zelda crouched on top of the pot and looked around one more time. Her bladder soon released all of it's urine,catching Zelda by surprise and making let out a loud moan. She quickly covered her mouth and her eyes slowly closed as all the pressure melted away from her body. She opened her eyes and looked back at Link,who was still standing there covering his ears with his back turned to her. Zelda blushed and covered her eyes.

"I can't believe i'm doing this. Near the hero no less." She said to herself as her face turned red as a tomato. Thankfully for her,the awkwardness would soon end as her stream weakened. Zelda got up and pulled her panties back up,the wetness making her feel a little uneasy. At the very least,she was happy she didn't completely drench them and her dress. She turned back to Link and tapped him on the shoulder. He turned around and looked at her with the same facial expression he had since they met. Zelda blushed and averted eye contact.

"P-Please! Do not tell anyone about this! We will never speak about this! Okay?" Zelda said. Link nodded. Zelda looked at him with suspicion for a bit and then calmed down. She motioned him to follow her and the two continued making their way through the dungeons.

"Oh,imagine if father heard of this..." Zelda thought to herself.

