Lady Jane at the Ball

Author: Ophelia23

*000*2016-06-27 18:08

Lady Jane shifted uncomfortably in her seat as yet another goblet of wine was filled in front of her. She stared at the cup, full to the brim with liquid and knew she had no choice but to drink it all. Lord Salford was laughing next to her – completely oblivious to her plight. She tried not to grimace as she raised the glass to her lips. This was not how she hoped the ball would go.

Every eligible noble lady in the kingdom had accepted the invitation to the King’s ball, and Jane had been as excited as any of them. Her mother had impressed upon her the importance of finding a suitable husband as soon as she could – and not letting him out of her sight. After a series of foreign wars there were too few young single men left at the royal court; if Jane did not secure a man tonight she might lose her chance altogether.

Salford was perfect – he was handsome, respectable and kind. He asked Jane for three dances before inviting her to sit and share a drink with him. That had been hours ago – now after six full goblets of watered down wine Jane was feeling very, very full.

She was grateful to be seated, as at least it meant she could surreptitiously squeeze her thighs together under the wooden banquet table without anyone seeing. Her voluminous dress also afforded some benefits – she was able to tightly cross her legs at the ankles, for example. However, she had also followed the latest fashion and worn a corset to show off her tiny waist – she cursed that decision now as it left no room for her stretched, overfull bladder.

She’d considered excusing herself more than once, but the shame of confessing her need to Salford combined with her fear that if she left his side another pretty young squire’s daughter might swoop in prevented her from doing so. Now Jane was really desperate.

She wished she cold loosen the strings on her corset, anything to relieve some of the pressure on her poor straining abdomen. She twisted her fingers in her lap, wishing she could thrust a hand between her legs and hold herself – but she was far too well bred for such coarse behaviour.

Lord Salford, deep in a conversation about hunting with the man sitting next to him, flashed a smile at Jane and patted her knee. She smiled back serenely, trying not to let it show on her face that when he patted her like that he sent a jolt directly to her bladder, causing it to scream its displeasure. She sipped some more wine.

Jane looked across the busy ballroom and saw her best friend, Anne, leaving for her third trip to the privy. Jane longed to get up and follow her friend out of the room, down the corridor and towards the private room beside the courtyard where she could finally squat over the wooden seat there and finally release the torrent of water inside of her.

She bit her lip to stop from crying out – the mere fantasy of finally relieving herself was almost too much to bear. She felt her urine pushing down on her sex, threatening to leak.

“Are you all right, Lady Jane?” Salford asked, looking concerned. She tried to look calm,

“Very well, thank you sir,” she smiled, summoning every strength to appear completely at ease.

“Shall we have another dance?” He asked, his handsome eyes twinkling with mirth.

Jane couldn’t bear the thought of physical exercise now – not when she was on the edge of losing her composure entirely! But what choice did she have but to grimly hold on?

She climbed stiffly to her feet – her bladder felt heavy as a stone; if she weren’t confined in her awful corset she was sure it would be bulging out of her dress. The shock of standing up caused a sudden spasm of pain and she lost control – a short squirt of pee trickled down her leg, soaking into her heavy underclothes. She gasped and clutched herself, managing to halt the flow before quickly pulling her hand away, colour rising in her cheeks.

“Oh!”

“My lady, are you quite well?” Salford took her arm and looked into her eyes, full of concern. She looked down, demurely, horrified that she had almost disgraced herself in front of him and determined to contain her fluids.

“A little warm, perhaps,” She responded, quietly.

“Yes, it is warm in here – let’s take a turn around the grounds, eh? Get you some fresh air.”

“Oh, well… if you insist…” Jane felt completely helpless as Salford took her by the arm and led her out of the ballroom. She should have felt thrilled that she had managed to secure some time alone with the handsome Lord, but every step was agony.

They walked down the corridor, Jane throwing a longing look at the door to the ladies privy as they walked past it and out into the chill night air.

The drop in temperature made it even more difficult for Jane to hold back the impending flood. She was barely able to remain upright as Salford led her into the dark hedge maze – a popular place for courting couples at these balls.

“Oh please… what if we get lost?” She whimpered as they turned a corner into the shadowy labyrinth.

“We have all night to find our way out,” Salford replied, coyly.

All night! Jane was at her wits end. She wondered if she could let a little more out – just to relieve the pressure. If she was very careful and controlled it might just run down her leg – he needn’t ever know…

She froze, suddenly. She simply couldn’t wait a moment longer, she was bursting! “Oh, please…” She whispered.

“Lady Jane?” Salford turned to find out why she’d stopped. He took in her frozen posture and pained expression – and a smile crept across his lips. Could it be that this lovely young lady needed to pee? His cock twitched as he watched her squirm, trying to hide her clear desperation.

“My Lord… I must retire…. I must…”

“Oh don’t leave!” he exclaimed, wrapping his arms around her waist.

Lady Jane screamed inwardly as Lord Salford squeezed her waist and pulled her close to him, pressing against her rock hard bladder.

“Here, you are tired from a=the evening’s frivolities – come and sit.” The Lord had a mischievous glint in his eye as he pulled the helpless young woman towards a small stone love seat.

Jane was momentarily relieved – perhaps she could hold a little longer sitting down – or perhaps she could release a little more of her pent up pee into her heavy underclothes… he might not notice. Then – horror of horrors! – he pulled her onto his lap!

“Oh, please my Lord, no… it’s not proper…”

“Come now, my Lady,” He was whispering in her ear, guiding her onto his lap where his cock strained furiously against his breeches. He pulled up the back of her skirts and ran his hand over the damp crotch of her underclothes. She shamelessly pushed against his fingers, desperate for anything to stem the flood. “I know what you need,” He whispered, as she squirmed in his lap, whimpering, “Do it, Jane, let it go…”

With that he gave her waist a sharp squeeze and Lady Jane gasped, unable to contain her waters any longer. She sighed deeply with relief, sinking into Lord Salfords lap as her pee jetted out of her in torrents. It was the most wonderful feeling of release, she just closed her eyes and enjoyed it. Salford himself groaned as he felt his hard prick bathed in her warm liquids, cumming uncontrollably into his own underwear.

“Well, my dear Lady,” Lord Salford breathed into Jane’s ear, “I should very much like to enjoy your company again.”

