Doki Doki Desperate Club (Sayori)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-09-08 15:17

Story suggested by @punkdoesvoices

It's yet another sunny morning.I put my phone in my pocket and calmly walk along the sidewalk.

"HIIIIIIIII!" i flinch and sigh. I recognize that voice. I turn around to see a girl waving at me with both hands. Her name is Sayori. She's my neighbour and we've known each other since we were kids.i stand there for a bit and let her catch up to me.

"Morning~!" She said with a bright smile.

"Overslept again?" I asked. Sayori pouted and looked away,

"Oh c'mon. Don't be mean!" Sayori said. I sighed and we began walking. We walked by a couple of other students and eventually arrived at the school where everyone was doing their own thing. We entered the school and i went to get my books.

"I'll see you later at the Literature Club,ok?" Sayori said with a smile. The literature club,a club that she signed me up for because she didn't want me to become a NEET in the future. I fake a smile and wave at her as she leaves for her class. I close my locker and head towards my first class for today.

###

And before i know it,the day is over once again. Nothing eventful really happens here and I usually just find myself just looking at the wall and waiting until it's all over. I kept staring at the wall and my eyelids began feeling heavy until.

"Hey! Don't fall asleep now! This isn't the nap club!" A voice said. My eyes opened in an instant and i see Sayori standing there with a smile.

"C'mon! We're gonna be late to the club if you keep slacking off like this!" She said as she took my hand and dragged my off the seat.

"Hey! I can walk by myself!" I said as she dragged me out of the classroom. As per usual,i follow her across the hallway and we make our way to the club. On our way there we walk past this floor's restrooms. Both of which had some pretty big lines. I myself didn't need to use it right now,so i ignored it and continued walking. However,i noticed that Sayori had slowed down her walking and had her eyes on the bathroom. I cleared my throat to get her attention and this quickly snapped her out of her thoughts.

"Oh uh..Let's hurry! We don't want to keep the rest of the club waiting!" Sayori said as she pushed me away from the bathrooms.

"Hey! You don't have to keep pushing me!" I said. Having her constantly push me from one point to another was pretty annoying.

###

We arrived at the classroom where the club was held and we were immediately greeted by Monika. I looked around the classroom and i saw that Yuri and Natsuki were already there. I made my way to my usual seat and sat down while grabbing my usual stuff from my bag. Sayori sat close to me and did the same thing. Monika made her way to the chalkboard and began discussing what we were gonna do for the upcoming festival. As of now,most of the poems we wrote were themed around the festival. Up until joining the literature club i wasn't very good at it. i honestly didn't know Sayori was into it either.

Speaking of Sayori,i couldn't help but notice that she's been acting a bit odd. She seemed to be thinking very hard about what to write,but i could see her shaking one of her legs under the table. I'm starting to see why she was eyeing the bathroom,she probably needed to go but decided to hold it because of the line. Come to think of it, I recall seeing her chugging down a bottle of soda during the lunch break. I guess she must've forgotten to go before the classes had to start again. Wouldn't be the first time.

Still,i didn't really comment on it. If she needed to be badly,she could just get up and go to the bathroom. Assuming the lines had already cleared up by now. I went back and focused on my own poem. Once i had finished it,i looked around to see who i could show it off to. I thought of showing it off to Yuri,but then i noticed she had gotten into an argument with Natsuki again. And Monika was nowhere to be found. So i decided to show it off the Sayori.

"Sayori." I asked. However,i got no response. She was still focused on her poem and her leg was still shaking.

"Sayori!"

"Eep! Don't scare me like that,you meanie!" Sayori said as she pushed me.

"Pay attention then. You can be just as bad as me sometimes." i replied.

"Hmph.." Sayori pouted.

"Ahem...I just finished my poem. And Natsuki and Yuri see to be occupied right now. So do you want to read it?" i asked. In a flash,Sayoris facial expression changed from a pout to a smile.

"Of course! Here,let me take a look at it!" Sayori said as she took the poem. I could see her eyelids following the words.

"Wow. You're getting better at this! I'm proud of you!" Sayori said with a smile. I just smiled back for a second and then took the note back. I sat back down and looked back at her. She went back to looking at her paper,but now she had her legs crossed.

"Hey! I need your input here!" Another voice yelled. I turn around to see both Natsuki and Yuri standing there. Natsuki looked incredibly agitated while Yuri was blushing.

"Yuri completely missed the point of my poem!" Natsuki yelled.

"I-I didn't mean to sound rude...it's just..i umm.." Yuri said as she gently stroked her hair. I sighed internally and rested my head against my hand as i got once again dragged into an argument.

###

I finished adding some extra touches to my poem and put my pen down. I look at the front of the room and i see Sayori discussing something with Monika. I assume it's details about the festival. Sayori is listening to what Monika is saying but now she's rubbing her thighs together and her face looks a little bit red. Looks like she really needs to go now. i wondered at first why she didn't just excuse herself and go,but that's when i saw her speak up. Monika nodded and she then left the room. Her walk looking a lot more stiff than usual. Monika turns to me and then approaches me. I quickly look down and pretend i'm writing.

"Hey. Are you enjoying your stay here so far?" She asks with a bright smile.

"Uhh..Yeah. It did take me awhile to get accustomed to this,but i'm managing." I reply. Monika giggles and we have a short conversation. She finishes it off by reminding me that we should spend more time together. She's been saying that a lot since i joined this club. Shortly after she left,Sayori returned to the classroom and made her way to the seat. However,she still looked very nervous and her movements were still pretty stiff. Did she not go?

"Hey? Where were you?" i asked,pretending i didn't know.

"Uhh...i needed to pee. But they're currently busy cleaning the restroom." Sayori replied.

"Can't you just go on one of the lower floors?" i asked.

"That's to far. Besides. I don't need to go that badly!" She said. Although judging by way she's moving her body as she says this,that's a blatant lie.

"I can hold it. I just have to make sure i don't think about it!" Sayori says. I smile and decide to have a little bit of fun.

"Yup. Don't think about it at all. Just try to focus on your poem. There's all kinds of things to write about right? Like rivers...or waterfalls. or the rain...or" Sayori whines and runs up to me to slap me repeatedly.

"That's not funny! You're being a complete meanie right now!" Sayori said.

"Alright,alright! Sorry..yeesh.."

###

"Hey,I'm going to get some stuff in another classroom. Do you want to come with me?" Sayori asked. She was sweating and had both of her hands on my table while crossing her legs.

"Uhh...sure! Let's go then." I said while getting up.

"Yay! Let's- Eep!" Sayori said as she crossed her legs.

"Why don't you just go now?" I asked.

"I...I want to take care of this first so that we don't keep Monika and the others waiting for too long." Sayori said. I sighed and nodded. I personally would've gone first. But she has made her choice and it's pretty difficult to get her to change her mind once she has made up her decision. We both left the classroom. I was walking slightly ahead of Sayori and took a few glances behind me. Her walk was even stiffer now and her face was even more red. We arrived at the classroom and opened the door.

"So...What do we need to get?" I asked.

"We just need to get some crayon and more papers." Sayori responded as she immediately headed for the closet. She opened it and began looking for the crayons. All while shaking her body a little. I stood there and waited for her. While waiting,i heard the sound of bubbles in water. I looked around and saw an aquarium near the closet.

"Huh..i didn't know this classroom had an aquarium.." i said.

"Y-Yeah..neither did i.." Sayori said while hastily looking through the closet. No doubt the noises from the aquarium was driving her insane.

"O-Oh! I found some crayons! They're the best brand too!" Sayori said as she grabbed the pack. However,in the next moment.

*Bang*

She leans back and smacks the back of her head against the back of her head. She stumbles back a little while rubbing her hands against the back.

"Ow! Ow!" She whines. i walk up to her and check it.

"Ahh!"

"Calm down. It's just a-" i said,but i stopped myself when i noticed her bending over with her hands between her legs.

"Sayori?"

"I uhh..." She stood upright while looking at me with a fake smile.

"Sayori,C'mon! Just go to the bathroom already. I'm sure they're done cleaning by now and i think Monika will understand." I said.

"I...i can't.." Sayori said.

"Why not?" I asked.

"I uhh...i leaked a little." Sayori said. I sighed and turned around,motioning her to get on my back. She seemed to hesitate for a bit before climbing on it. I quickly darted out of the classroom and ran in the direction of the bathroom.

"H-Hey! Slow down! I'm gonna have an accident if you move like this!" Sayori yelled.

"Don't say that out loud! You're not a kid anymore!" i said. We eventually arrived in front of the restroom. Thankfully with no lines and with no cleaning signs. I let go of Sayori and she quickly jammed her hands between her legs while doing a potty dance.

"Oh! I can't hold it anymore!"

"Then go! The bathroom is right there!" i said. Sayori waddled towards one of the doors but.

"Wrong restroom!" i yelled,startling her. She looked up and saw the "Men" sign.

"O-Oh! Whoops!" She said as she hastitly entered the correct door. I sighed and waited for her to be done.

###

Sayori entered the bathroom and entered the nearest stall. She closed the door and locked it. She turned around and hastily lifted her skirt while approaching the toilet. In one fell swoop,she yanked down her pink striped panties and plopped down on the toilet. And almost immediately,the flood gates opened.

A small cascade of pee escaped from Sayori,splashing against the toilet bowl and making a pretty splattering noise. A noise that was only drowned out by....

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh......Haaaaah,i made it...."

Sayori leaned her body back and relaxed as she released all the pee she had been holding since the lunch break. Her bladder shrunk,overwhelming her with relief. To the point where her body almost went completely limp. She closed her eyes and let out another sigh as she enjoyed every second of it. But soon her stream began to slow down until eventually it completely stopped. With one last satisfactory sigh, She got up and reached for some toilet paper. But then she looked at the small spurt on her panties and sighed. Since the damage was already done,she pulled up her panties and ignored the slight cold she felt. It was a small patch,so nobody was gonna notice unless they actively tried to look up her skirt. And the smell would be gone once she washed it.

###

I leaned against the wall and waited until Sayori was done. after what seemed like about half a minute,she exited the bathroom. She looked a lot more relaxed now and her smile looked more genuine.

"Ahhh...I feel so much better now!" She said as she skipped towards me.

"Don't ever hold it for that long! That's very bad!" I said. Sayori blushed and poked her fingers while muttering sorry.

"Aaaaaaanyways...Uhh,did we leave the crayons in the classroom?" She asked.

"Yup. We still need to find paper,so let's head back." i said,

"Okie-Dokie!" She said as she grabbed my hand. We began walking back to the classroom and i looked at her. She was now humming a song and bobbing her head a little. She looked at me and gave me a bright smile. I smiled back. She can be a bit of a handful,but she also brightens up my day a lot. So i'm happy to have a friend like her.

