When you've gotta go, you've gotta go

Author: OmorashiSenpai

*000*2019-01-02 04:55

Prenote: Sorry for the long break, I'll try to be better lol.

Hi, I'm Bethany Clearwater, I'm 20 years old, and I go to college here in my hometown of Albany, New York. I have brown hair, blue eyes, and a moderate size a in the T and A department, if I do say so myself. This is my journal I'm writing in and have everyday for the past 12 years of my life!

Anyways, something really interesting happened today that was super duper embarrassing for me, and now I feel like I can't show my face anymore because of a certain... friend who is responsible for the whole dang thing.

So first, it was a normal day like any other you know, I woke up and went down to get a bowl of cereal. Then, I went to my roomate, Patrica Foreman's room, to wake her up. I then turned around to go to the bathroom before putting my makeup and clothes on, and I heard a slight moan. Definitely english, but still tired.

"Excuse me, could you please repeat yourself?" I asked Patrica.

Then, very groggily, she uttered out "What day is it?"

"Tuesday." I reminded her, shaking my head at her forgetfullness.

"Oh if I'm forgetful, then why are you trying to use the toliet, genius, it's broke!" she says, jokingly.

"I forgot" I say, but I figure out it's more of a routine thing then actually needing to pee. I could just do it before class.

I start to do my makeup when I first feel any significant amount of desperation. On a scale of 1 to 10, probably a 2. I finish up my mascara and go into my bedroom to pick out clothes for the day.

As I gaze into the mirror, I take off my shirt and start to but on my bra, momentarily holding my breath before clicking it on. I take a moment to acknowledge my bust, and decided to go for the sporty look today, as I really was feeling like that. I went into my closet and grabbed a plain white t shirt and some grey yoga pants.

"Perfect" I mutter to my self as I put my belongings in my purse, grabbed my water bottle and phone, and opened the door into the real world.

After I finished my morning classes, which were boring and uneventful, I started to feel actual desperation, ranging around a 4. It was lunch by myself, followed by a study session, and then bathroom before heading back to class.

I run-walked to the local bakery because they have great bagels, and they are usually sold out by 12:45. I devour it so quickly that I wondered if I even chewed, and I got a smoothie That I also drank in record time. I then started to study, and I got a good 15 pages in until 1:30, in which case class started in 15 minutes.

As I walked to the bathroom, I really started feeling like I had to pee. My bladder was at a 6 now, and I felt like I had to release it. When I got to the bathroom, I noticed a line of desperate girls, one even leaking, and I realized I only had 10 minutes to get to class, and I couldn't of waited in this line.

I decided to hold it for another to hold it for another 2 hours, and just wait until I got home. My afternoon class, engineering through the ages, was actually great, and I made it through without being so desperate until around 3:15, when my bladder got up to an 8, and I had to passively grab my crotch to keep myself from leaking.

Around 3:40, I had my first little leak, but only a little splotch only touched my panties. At 3:45, all of us kind of shuffled to get out of class until our teacher said that we had to do an essay about a historical landmark. Easy. Eiffel Tower.

I rushed home, with two leaks from exerting myself, and my bladder was full, at a 10. I rushed upstairs and asked Patrica if the toilet was fixed yet and she replied with

"Nah, I signed us up for a later appointment."

I used all of my self-control to keep from putting her through the wall. OK, new plan, think Bethany, think.

Wait, I've got it, I'll use the public restroom across the street! I start booking it across the street, and feel my bladder balancing on a weak board, and I let a quick stream of pee into my pants. The wetness seeps through my panties a little bit, leaving an unseeable little dark spot on my pants.

I run into the bathroom only to find all the stalls locked. I have a death grip on my crotch, until I hear a toliet flush.

It was physical torture to hear that, and it let a long stream into my pants leaving a nearly visible wet spot. I think it's over until Patrica walks behind me and says that the plumber is here.

I jump, taking my hands away from my crotch, the surprise giving my bladder an okay to let go. The warmth start's to seep into my panties, and then down my legs. The warmth and relieves feels so good, I sigh.

Only after I look down do I realize what I did. I start to run back home, and lock myself in my room. Only then do tears well up in my eyes and I realize my life is ruined, and it's all Patrica's fault. I guess if you've gotta go, you've gotta go.

So, how was it. It took me much longer to write, and I think it's better.

With love,

Senpai

