Need to Wii (Wii Fit Trainer)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-03-30 03:32

(I've been trying to improve my grammar lately. if there are still a couple of things i need to fix,please let me know.)

The Wii Fit Studio, a gym that was commonly visited by Miis wanting to get in shape. Right now, the Wii Fit Trainer was inside the studio. She was busy putting down some Wii Balance Boards while waiting for the Miis to arrive.

Just as she finished putting down the last board, the door to the Yoga room opened. A Mii then entered the room, with several other Miis following suit.

"Good Morning, everyone!" The trainer said with a smile. The Miis smiled back and waved at her. Once every Mii had a board to stand on, the trainer walked to the front of the room.

She turned around to see the Miis talking to each other. The trainer then clapped her hands and all the noise in the room disappeared.

"Now then. As per usual,we will start with Deep Breathing." The trainer said. She stepped on the Balance Board and looked at the Miis.

"Place both hands on your stomach and spread your feet." The trainer told the Miis as she slowly placed her hands on her stomach. the Miis copied her movements and closed their eyes.

"Slowly lower your diaphragm. Inhale deep through your nose, expanding your stomach under your hands." The trainer said and took a deep breath.

"Exhale slowly by raising your diaphragm and deflating your stomach. Feel free to breathe through your mouth if your find it difficult to breathe through your nose." The trainer said and exhaled. As she relaxed,She started feeling something in her abdomen. This wasn't because of her breathing, but because she didn't used the ladies room before coming to the studio. She ignored the urge and continued to give instructions.

"Repeat several times, at your normal breathing speed if you prefer. When you're ready,Gradually increase the time spent exhaling." The trainer said and inhaled. While the Miis followed the instructions,The trainer could feel her bladder reminding her of her urge. And all the water she drank before putting down the Balance Boards only increased the rate her bladder was being filled. The trainer then let go of her stomach, with the Miis doing the same.

"Excellent. Now let's start with the Yoga poses. First,we're going to practice the single leg extension." The trainer said while slowly raising her left leg.

"First, raise your left leg so you're standing on one leg. Then swing your left leg back and your left arm up. Doing this exercise regularly can work out your waist,hips and triceps." The trainer said as she swung her left leg and arm. Each time she lowered them, she could feel the bladder aching.

She looked at the Miis as they followed her lead, wich only helped slightly with distracting her from her urge to pee. She then stopped moving and stood on both legs.

"Now,Let's move on to the other leg." The trainer said. She then swung her right leg back and her left arm up.

"Focus on the muscles you want to tighten." The trainer said to the Miis as they followed her movements. After repeating the movements 10 times, the trainer stood on both legs again.

Upon doing so,the felt another surge in her bladder. She ignored it and looked at the Miis with a forced smile.

"Very good. Next we're going to work on the Tree Pose." The trainer said as she lifted her left leg.

"Grab your left ankle and place your foot on your right thigh." She instructed as she kept her hand on her ankle. Keeping her balance was a lot more painful now because of all the pressure she was feeling.

"Once you are stable, Bring your palms together in front of your chest." the trainer instructed. She then raised her hands towards the ceiling.

"Relax your shoulders so that they are parallel to the floor. Stretch your back and be careful not to let your hips stick out." The trainer said while watching the Miis copy her movements.

"Inhale and exhale. Try to hold this position for 30 to 40 seconds." The trainer said. 40 seconds passed,but all those seconds felt way longer to the trainer. She exhaled and lowered her arms and her leg. Everyone returned to their original position.

"Now,we're going to work on the Warrior Pose." The trainer said with a smile.

"Keep your right foot on the Balance Board." The trainer said and extended her left foot back. She felt yet another surge while doing so.

"Make sure you align your left heel with your right heel. While inhaling, stretch your arms out wide. While exhaling, bend your knee and lower your waist." The trainer said. The Miis copied her movements again and inhaled.

"Tighten your stomach and bottom, push with your back leg and relax the upper body. Distribute your weight equally between both legs." The trainer said as she relaxed.

Upon doing so, she felt another surge coming. She tightened her bladder muscles and prevented a spurt from escaping her bladder.

The trainer didn't wear any undergarments under her gray yoga pants. So if she leaked, it would've been noticeable. She stayed in the Warrior Pose for 40 seconds.

"Now return to your original position." The trainer said as she lowered her arms and stood upright again. the Miis did the same and looked at her.

"Great work,everyone. Let's take a break for now." The trainer said. The Miis nodded and stepped away from their Balance Boards. The trainer then left the room and closed the door behind her.

She looked around and made sure nobody was in the hallway. Once she made sure,She placed a hand between her legs and started fidgeting.

She then started jogging towards the bathroom. She placed both her hands between her legs as she could feel all the urine sloshing in her bladder.

Luckily,it didn't take long for her to reach the restrooms. She entered the ladies room and stood still to keep her bladder under control. She then made a dash towards one of the stalls and closed the door.

She immediately pulled down her yoga pants and sat on the toilet. As soon as she was on the seat,a spurt escaped. The spurt was followed by a powerful stream.

As she was letting out all the urine she's been holding,the trainer inhaled and exhaled with relief.

Her stream slowly weakened and she let out a big sigh. the trainer then reached for the toilet paper and wiped her womanhood.

Once she was done,she pulled up her yoga pants and exited the stall. She then went to the sink and washed her hands.

The trainer then looked at her reflection in the mirror and smiled.

Back in the Yoga Room...

The trainer returned to the room and clapped her hands.

"Okay,Is everyone ready to continue?" The Miis nodded and went back to their Balance Boards. The trainer made her way to her board and faced the Miis.

"Now then,let's work on the Half-Moon Pose." The trainer said while smiling.

"Follow my lead as we do this pose together."

