Jake's Footie Pajama Weeks

Author: Omorashi75

*000*2016-08-14 04:00

Hi all, an archived story of mine from Experience Project. There aren't a lot of footie pajama wetting stories or vids out there.

This will be an unusual story. I'm planning on adding to it periodically in sections, in this one post. I may do a more "full" version at some point, though. Also, as this is pure fantasy, not much logic will abound. It is pure unrealistic fantasy. This is a footie pajama fetish/pajama wetting fetish story, so it will contain elements of both, with some pajama-exhibitionism, if that makes sense.

The pajamas worn look similar to these, although with more white sky and fewer characters on the imprint, a more generic Cars scene. I saw them once and can't find an image.

Enjoy.

......

Jake woke up, his alarm blaring loudly. He shut it off and pulled back the covers. he got out of bed and padded downstairs in his sleeper. His parents had left on their business trip and they wouldn't be home for a few weeks. He had the house to himself. He had been looking forward to this for weeks; a chance to spend endless time in his footie pajamas, no time rules, restrictions, or anything.

He walked out the door in his sleeper, the non-skid soles slapping against the ground, becoming dirtier as he walked across the stone path to the mailbox. He retrieved the mail, closing the box and heading back inside, taking a shortcut across the grass, his feet and legs becoming slightly damp from the morning dew.

He decided, while he was up, to do some shopping

The cool hiss of the supermarket door whooshed as it opened, and Jake entered the market. He cringed as the cold floor met his feet. Not having bothered with shoes, the vynal feet of his jammies offered little protection from the cold tile floor. He continued in and searched for the items on his list. Everywhere he recieved bemused stares, that a kid his age was in a supermarket in footed pajamas, of all things.

'So,...nice jammies," said the cashier, eyeing Jake bemusedly as he paid for the items he had selected.

"Thanks. Just didn't feel like getting dressed today," Jake said pleasantly, gathering his change and bags and turning to leave.

He exited the supermarket and continued home.

......

Jake gulped as he approached the school. he shifted his backpack on his sleeper clad shoulder and walked in. He had stuffed his pajama feet into shoes for the day, as they had gym class later, but other than that he was clad only in his footed pajamas. He entered his classroom. All heads turned to him. One kid yelled "Jake-ey's wearing footie pajamas" to uproarious laughter. He sat at his desk amid snickering, but he didn't care.

He found out one thing, though, running laps in footie pjs instead of gym shorts was immensely comfortable.

......

By now Jake was going everywhere in his sleeper; to the movies, to the stores, to friends houses. They had been a little wary at first, but after he explained it away as a "social experiment" (yeah right) they were cool with it. PJake became his new nickname. His bathrobe became his jacket and the PJs served all purposes; school clothes, sleeping clothes, lounging clothes, even swimming trunks.

He climbed up to the top of the waterside and stepped in, his pajama foot becoming instantly soaked. He sat down, feeling the cool water soak his butt and legs. He let himself go, sliding down in spirals until he hit the bottom, submerging his sleeper totally. He came up coughing and spluttering and climbed out of the pool. His sleeper felt immensly heavy on his shoulders, and he padded off toward the hot tub.

At times like these, he simply let the sleeper air dry, squelching around in it until it was completely dry.

.

Now it was time for the next phase of his plans. He turned off his alarm and laid back in his bed. He relaxed. A warm wetness spread from his crotch, and thrughout his pajamas, finally soaking into his sheets. He moaned with pleasure. He had been wanting to do that for a long time. He pulled back the covers and survayed himself. His pajamas were soaked in warm, wet pee throughout the crotch and legs. Some had even seeped up his back. He lay back down for a long time.

Eventually he got out of bed and squelched downstairs in his pee-soaked sleeper, sending spurts of pee into it as he went, ignoring the drops dripping onto the floor. His plan was to go in his sleeper all day whenever and wherever he was around the house. He was careful to drink only water to avoid staining and too much of a smell. He let loose in the kitchen where he had stopped, the pee cascading down his legs and pooling around the pajama feet. He splashed his toes around in the puddle and giggled. Today would be great.

Later that morning he let loose again, laying back on the couch watching tv, the pee cascading through his underwear and out of his sleeper, soaking the couch cushion he was sitting on.

At lunch he soaked himself again, sitting at the kitchen counter. Munching his sandwich, he let loose as his pee splashed off the chair noisily and onto the floor where it remained, a rapidly cooling puddle for his pajama feet to soak in.

He peed in his pjs again later that afternoon, walking across the living room, the pee cascading out with each step and leaving a long, wet trail across the carpet. And again that evening while playing Rainbow Six on the computer, the pee cascading off the sides and front of the chair and onto the mat below, the excess soaking into the chair cushion or his sopping sleeper.

Later that evening he sat watching a horror movie, and wet himself "from fright".

After the movie ended he slid off the damp couch so that he was upside down, with his feet resting on the couch cushions, and peed, the urine cascading backwards down his front and back, running out of his collar and over his face and dark blonde hair. He giggled and rolled off in a somersault, laying in his pee for a few seconds before heading to bed.

After locking the house, He entered his room and decided for one last pee. He stood in the middle of his room and let loose, pee fflowed through the fleece, pooling around his feet, his feet distending the carpet enough to note that he was standing in a small lake. He got an idea and stopped the flow. Squishing over to his dresser he pulled open a drawer. Unzipping his sleeper he peed into the open drawer, soaking his school shirts in warm, wet pee. He wouldn't be needing them for a while anyhow, he thought.

Later that night he woke up, and soaked his already-pee-stained sheets again, the pee burbling forth loudly in the silence. Sighing Jake settled himself into the pool of warm pee he was lying in and drifted off to content sleep.

In the morning he washed the sheets and flipped the mattress, washed the carpets and Shirts and cushions, and mopped the floors. He also washed his sleeper, lounging around in his underwear so as not to break his sleeper-only rule. As he stepped into it and zipped it up, heading for the door and the movie theater, he knew he would never forget these footie pajama weeks.

*005*2022-03-27 00:33

Hi guys. I will totally write more if you want. I also have another story, A Wet Pajama Day, posted here. Cheers.

