The Dream Catch: A Springtime Mishap

Author: Olfa

*000*2024-11-20 10:01

Spring was in full bloom, and the fresh air near the lake carried the scent of wildflowers and crystal-clear water. Elena sat by the shore, dressed in her long fishing pants, a long-sleeved shirt, and her trusty fishing hat, feeling the soft warmth of the sun breaking through the clouds. Her fishing rods were perfectly set up, each equipped with little bells that tinkled faintly in the breeze, but the fish seemed to have no interest in biting.

She had arrived early that morning, eager for a productive fishing session, but hours passed, and nothing happened. Sighing, she decided to let the rods sit and lay back on the soft grass by the water. Closing her eyes, she let the sounds of the lake and nearby forest engulf her: the birdsong, the rustling of leaves, and the occasional creak of a branch. “It won’t hurt to rest for a bit,” she thought, tilting her hat to cover her eyes.

Despite the serenity, a slight pressure in her abdomen reminded her that it had been a while since she’d visited a discreet bush. She ignored the feeling, convinced she could wait a little longer. “It’s no big deal,” she thought, enjoying the sun’s warmth and the cool touch of the grass. But the pressure, subtle at first, began to grow more insistent. Her mind drifted between the tranquility of the moment and her increasing need, until a sudden sound startled her.

The bell! One of the rods had finally caught something.

Elena shot upright, and in her sudden movement, her body betrayed her slightly: a fleeting but undeniable warmth spread in her lower abdomen. Her cheeks flushed as she glanced down, spotting a faint dark patch on her pants. The sensation of the damp fabric against her skin froze her for a second—a mixture of surprise, embarrassment, and something harder to define. But she didn’t have time to dwell on it. The bell was ringing loudly, and the rod was bent toward the water.

“It’s a big one!” she thought, rushing to grab the rod with both hands. The resistance was intense, and the fish pulled with a strength that nearly ripped the rod from her grasp. Planting her boots firmly on the ground, she pulled back hard, her heart pounding. The battle began.

The fish was strong, each tug toward the water testing her strength. Every sharp pull made her lose her balance slightly, and her body continued sending urgent signals she couldn’t ignore. The pressure in her abdomen grew unbearable, but she focused entirely on the fish. “Just a little longer,” she told herself, winding the reel as the fish fought fiercely.

But just as she thought she was gaining control, the fish gave a powerful yank. Taken by surprise, she strained to keep her footing, and in that effort, her body finally gave in. A warm flood escaped, spreading through her pants, soaking her thighs as her bladder completely surrendered. Her cheeks burned, but she couldn’t stop now. Warmth ran down her legs, saturating the thick fabric of her fishing pants and dripping into her boots as she continued to fight the fish.

With one last desperate pull, she yanked the rod back—only for the line to snap. The hook flew back, and the rod returned to its original position with a sharp twang. Elena stood there, panting, trembling, her pants drenched and the fish gone. She stared at the ripples in the water, disbelief washing over her as the realization of her dual loss sank in.

Breathing heavily, she slumped back onto the shore, feeling the sun’s rays slowly starting to dry her soaked pants. A mix of relief and frustration filled her mind. “Well, at least one of us made it into the water,” she muttered to herself with a nervous laugh, resting her hands on her knees.

Suddenly, a faint, persistent noise stirred her from her thoughts. It wasn’t the bell of the fishing rod—it was a sound more like a clock. She blinked in confusion, looking around.

She wasn’t by the lake anymore.

She was in her bed, at her summer home. The sheets were damp, and her pajamas clung to her skin. Her breathing was still rapid, as if she had truly been fighting the fish. Looking down, she saw the soaked sheets and realized the truth. The dream had felt so real, and her body had reacted in a way that left no doubt.

“It was all a dream,” she murmured, covering her face with her hand. She got up carefully, inspecting the mess she had left on the bed. Despite her embarrassment, she couldn’t help but laugh softly. “I guess it was a more exciting fishing trip than I thought.”

