Omovember Day 5: Needing to go while on a walk

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-05 20:55

$$

"Alright Mr. Nook! I've gathered all the paperwork!" Isabelle said,wiping sweat of her forehead.

"Yes,yes! Excellent job,Isabelle! Where would we be without your assistance?" Tom Nook said

"I'm just doing my job." Isabelle said with a blush.

"Hmm..yes. Although i have to say. You've been working yourself to the bone lately." Tom Nook said.

"You think so?" Isabelle said.

"Yeah. Don't you think you should take a break?" Tom nook asked.

"Oh no! No,that won't be necessary! I really enjoy working!" Isabelle said.

"No. I insist. Everyone needs to take a break every once in a while. Besides,I couldn't help but notice you've been acting a bit nervous the past few hours." Nook said.

"Oh...is that so?" Isabelle said,her face turning even more red.

"Yes. Don't worry. I'll take over. You just go take a break for a little bit." Nook said with a smile.

"I uhh...okay,if you insist." Isabelle said,walking past the raccoon and exiting the building. She let out a sigh and crossed her legs.

"Ugh...Why doesn't Mr. Nook have any toilets in there?" Isabelle said. Having trouble ignoring all the pressure that had built while she was working. On the one hand,she was happy that Mr. Nook recommended a break,because that meant she could finally relieve herself. On the other hand, she now had to FIND a toilet. Taking a deep breath, She began steadily walking alongside the path that the island representative had terraformed. Isabelle was happy to have her here,she was just as much of a hard worker.

Isabelle continued walking and admired all the various decorations the representative had put around the island. Seeing these objects always brought a smile to her face and helped her calm down and take her mind of stressful things. But at the moment,it didn't help her take her mind of her need to pee. Isabelle kept walking and soon reached the houses. She continued walking, as she felt embarrassed at the thought of asking the neighbours to let her use their restroom. After a short walk,Isabelle's eyes lit up as she saw a porta-potty up ahead.With relief so close,Isabelle picked up her pace and reached for the door handle. But her smile quickly faded when she had trouble opening the door.

"Oh! C'mon! Not now!" Isabelle said as she tried opening the door while fidgeting. She let go of the handle and put her paws on her crotch.

"Aww...why?" Isabelle whined. Looks like she was gonna have to look somewhere else. She followed the path and calmly waved at any villager that passed by. While walking,she tried her hardest not to look to her left. Because one of the potential drawbacks of the island was that there was water everywhere. The river right next to her was one lots of villagers had to jump over in order to reach the other side. And the sight of it only made Isabelle more desperate to create her own river. She kept walking,until she eventually arrived in front of some bushes.

"Oh! am i really gonna do this?!" Isabelle asked herself. Even if she was a dog,peeing out in the open was something she avoided doing. But it was starting to seem like she had no choice. She stepped over the bushes and looked around to make sure. And that's when something unusual entered her viewpoint.

$$

"Did the island representative put this here?" Isabelle said as she stared at the toilet in confusion. Another jolt went through her body,letting her know that she couldn't hold it for much longer. Isabelle turned red. She turned around to make sure nobody was coming. Once she was sure,she carefully approached the toilet and hiked up her skirt.

"I can't believe i'm about to do this." Isabelle said as she pulled down her panties. She sat on the toilet and blushed. The pee still wasn't coming out due to Isabelle being nervous. However,the sound of the water nearby helped her relax and soon,she let out a trickle of pee that turned into a stronger stream. Isabelle sighed with relief as she peed inside the unusually placed toilet. She looked at the ocean in front of her and relaxed. In her relieved state,she was still wondering what this toilet was doing all the way out here. Was it junk? did the representative just have a weird definition of art?

Eventually,her bladder was completely emptied. Isabelle looked to her left and saw a roll of toilet paper. She grabbed a few squares and wiped herself with it.

"This is so weird..." Isabelle said to nobody in particular. She tossed the toilet paper in the bowl and instinctively flushed it. Weirdly enough...it did flush,leaving isabelle even more confused. She just shook her head and made her way to the ocean nearby to clean her hands.

"I'm gonna have to ask the representative and Nook if we can install a few more portable toilets." Isabelle said while resuming her walk. She then remembered the portable toilet she came across earlier.

"Preferably ones that can open..." She said to herself.

