Night City 2087

Author: OmoNeon

*000*2024-09-30 18:09

This story is set in the Cyberpunk universe, if you’ve played the game or watched the anime: Good!

If you haven’t, that’s fine! (Although I highly recommend both)

I’ve written out a small introduction with explanations for a couple of terms so anyone can easily get into this fantastic world, now with a healthy layer of Omorashi!

Enjoy!

Small introduction into the Cyberpunk universe:

“Choom” = “Buddy”

Fixer = A middleman in the underworld, brokering illegal or risky jobs, information, and deals. (These people are sometimes ex edgerunners)

Edgerunners = Mercenaries, they get jobs usually via Fixers. Very dangerous and volatile job. These people often augment their bodies with cybernetics to enhance their combat abilities amongst others.

Netrunners = Basically hackers, using their in build cybernetics to get access to machines and other people’s cybernetics. (Essentially counters edgerunners abilities to a certain extent)

“Big leagues” = A saying that goes around in Night City, meaning to become rich and powerful, escaping mediocrity.

Sandevistan = High tier cybernetic implant, directly infused in the persons nervous system, invisible on the outside. When activated it boosts your reflexes and body to new heights, making it seem that the world around you slows down to a crawl, while the person can still move freely as ever the world and people around them move seemingly in slow-motion. (Basically The matrix, Quicksilver from X-Men, etc...)

###

It’s the year 2087.

Welcome to Night City...

Where the skyline is a dazzling tapestry of neon lights, holographic adverts, and towering skyscrapers that pierce the night sky.

From a distance, the city is a mesmerizing spectacle. Some people see it as the city of endless opportunity, the place where your dreams come true.

...But in reality?

It’s probably the worst place where you could live... crime rates are sky high, where cops are corrupt and violent gangs rule the streets. Want to hit the big leagues in Night City? Be prepared to put your life on the line and do whatever it takes. Here, many push their bodies over the limit, implanting cybernetics for enhanced combat abilities, sensory upgrades, or purely cosmetic enhancements.

There was no middle class in Night City, either you were rich and in the big leagues... or you were nothing but a cog in the machine, easily replaceable and abandoned when you lose your value.

Even though it was in the middle of the night, the city was a constant buzz of noise.

The sound of the rain mixed with a distant hum of cars cruising through the streets, the old beat down cars ever so contrasting off of the flashy and shiny ultra modern cars of the ultra rich. The difference in class and prestige ever noticeable within the city of dreams.

&&

The neon glow reflected off the wet streets while Selene navigated through the streets on foot. Ever so cautious on these dangerous streets, constantly aware of her surroundings, making sure she wasn’t followed.

After the job she had done just yesterday, she was on high alert. The damage inflicted on the "Arasaka Corporation" during her mission was substantial. Throughout her time in the city, she had made many enemies, but having Arasaka as an adversary was on an entirely different level. The security systems there were unlike anything she'd encountered before... thankfully, she hadn't been alone...

Arasaka was one of the mega corporations that had a massive influence over the world, their headquarters located here in Night City alongside other massive corporations. These entities had gotten so big, garnered so much influence that they rose above the law.

Mega corporations were the real leaders here... driven by greed, feeding on the middle class while getting rid of anything and anyone standing in their way. There was not much left of what could be described as ethical within these companies. Anyone wanting to be a part of these and rise to the top meant throwing away any and all morality you had left... In hindsight, it wasn’t much better than the criminal underworld of Night City. The stakes were only higher.

“So far so good,” Selene muttered to herself as she walked through the rain, making her way through the streets, turning round the corner and into an alleyway.

She had found the club that she was looking for, the neon lit sign above the entrance gave off a cold but inviting glow that spread through the alleyway.

&&

The Afterlife

It used to be an old morgue that got turned into a club, which also functioned for a meeting place for all sorts of shady figures.

At least that’s what Selene knew about this place, she had never been here before, until now.

Selene could hear the faint sound and beats of synth music while she walked past the bouncer while he gave her a quick glance. He looked intimidating at first glance, but Selene knew better.

For a brief moment a grin came on Selene’s face, she knew he wasn’t an actual threat to her. He probably wouldn’t even be able to lay a hand on her even if he tried...

Selene went down a set of stairs and stepped into The Afterlife, the synth music enveloping her like a thick fog.

The club was alive with the pulse of Night City's underbelly, where the neon lights cast shadows that danced with the patrons.

She scanned the room, her eyes adjusting to the dim, colourful lighting, searching for a familiar face.

There, at a table near the back, sat Cormac, leaning back on a couch with a cigar in the hand of his cybernetic arm. Like always he was dressed in a classic black suit that went well with his cybernetic eye, all visible remnants of his violent past.

His presence was ever so intimidating as enigmatic.

These days Cormac was a fixer, a man who had connections throughout Night City's underworld.

Fixers like Cormac were the glue of Night City's shadow economy, the intermediaries who brokered deals, found jobs, and navigated the murky waters between legality and the outright criminal. They were the ones who knew where to find the best gear, the right people for a job, or the way out of a tight spot. Anything as long as you had the money, Cormac would find you the people to get things done.

Cormac's reputation was built on his ability to make things happen—whether it was something as straightforward as selling the rarest tech on the black market, or something more decisive, like permanently getting rid of something, or someone...

Cormac was a powerful man, one of the most prominent fixers in all of Night City, and Selene’s best bet to get in the big leagues.

As Selene approached, Cormac's gaze met hers, and a broad smile spread across his face. "Selene, you made it!" he called out, his voice cutting through the music. He gestured to the woman beside him, "I believe you've already met, but not in person."

Selene's eyes locked onto the woman sitting beside Cormac, despite the dim lighting, she could tell immediately who she was. Cormac confirmed what Selene already knew.

"This is Ruby."

&&

Ruby was petite, with an appearance that could easily be mistaken for innocence—her features delicate, her expression soft. Yet, there was an unmistakable sharpness in her gaze, a glint of something far more dangerous than her outward appearance suggested. Her hair was a dark red, which went well with her black t-shirt and dark red blazer.

Ruby extended a hand, her smile genuine yet carrying a hint of the power she wielded. "Nice to finally meet you face-to-face, Selene. Your work with Arasaka was... impressive," she said, her voice carrying a respectful but intimidating tone.

Selene shook her hand, right at that moment her in-built sensors activated and an automatic warning popped up in her field of vision, it was an in-built danger detection script that tracked the potential prowess of people around her close vicinity. However, it rarely ever went off...

"Thanks. And it's good to meet the netrunner who made it all possible. Your skills are... legendary," Selene replied, her tone matching Ruby's in respect.

Ruby chuckled softly, her eyes meeting Selene's. In that moment, Selene felt an unusual sensation, as if her very being was being scanned, analysed. Ruby's eyes weren't just looking; layers of code were running, flowing with data only she could perceive.

"Legends, huh? You know how rumours are in this city," Ruby said, her voice light but with an edge of seriousness. "But yes, I've breached through some major firewalls, extracting secrets that corporations would kill for to keep buried."

Just like many, Selene had heard the rumours of Ruby breaching the Blackwall.

The first person to ever do it and return alive...

Blackwall, the special firewall protocol protecting humanity from rogue AIs and other digital horrors, were the stuff of urban legends. Selene, while acknowledging Ruby's prowess, reserved scepticism for such tales. "The Blackwall, huh? I've heard the stories. But seeing the damage you did first hand to Arasaka’s security systems, I'm almost inclined to believe them."

Ruby nodded, her expression turning thoughtful. "The Blackwall... isn't something to be taken lightly. But let's just say it makes Arasaka’s security look weak in comparison." Her words were careful, maintaining an air of mystery.

Selene felt a respect for Ruby grow within her. Here was someone whose skills complemented her own, a netrunner whose digital prowess was as formidable as Selene's physical capabilities, enhanced by her Sandevistan implant.

"It's good to have you on our side," Selene admitted, a rare acknowledgment, given her usual preference for solitude.

Ruby's smile returned, warm and genuine. "And you, Selene. Together, we could bring this city, with all its corruption, to its knees."

Cormac suddenly chimed in, almost shouting, "Couldn't agree more! Girls, it’s time for celebration, and that means... drinks on me!"

The mood shifted swiftly; tension gave way to laughter as Selene and Ruby began to share stories, getting to know each other beyond their reputations.

Selene indulged in the drinks Cormac was ordering, she let go of her usual wariness, celebrating a job well done—one that felt almost impossible at first.

She knew all too well she couldn't have pulled it off without Ruby. Even though Ruby wasn't physically present during the Arasaka mission, her digital presence had turned the security systems against themselves, unlocking doors thought impenetrable, granting Selene access freely.

Cormac finished his drink in a last, long gulp and then turned to Ruby, "Don’t you agree, Ruby? I can’t think of anyone else who could've pulled off what Selene did to Arasaka."

Ruby, between sips, nodded, her eyes twinkling with a mix of respect and mischief. "Totally agree. The bodies that got buried yesterday are paving the way for our future."

A subtle grin played on Selene's lips at the praise. After all, it was undeniable; without her, their success wouldn't have been possible. They were a formidable duo.

Not long after, fresh drinks arrived, and Cormac raised his glass.

Despite the corniness of the toast, Selene, influenced by the alcohol, raised her glass in kind. Ruby followed suit, their glasses clinking in a toast to their shared victory.

As the night deepened, their conversation flowed as freely as the liquor. Each round brought them closer, the atmosphere growing warmer, friendlier. They traded stories, their laughter blending with the background buzz of the bar.

The buzz from the drinks began to take hold of Selene, a welcomed sensation in this rare moment of celebration. Tonight, they weren't just edgerunners; they were allies, comrades enjoying a fleeting moment of peace amidst their usually chaotic lives.

As the night progressed. Ruby, after a few more drinks, leaned in, her voice playful yet serious.

"You know, I really need to pee because of all these drinks, but I just... don't feel like going to the bathroom."

Selene, taken aback, raised an eyebrow, confused. "What do you mean by 'don't feel like going to the bathroom'?"

Ruby giggled, her eyes twinkling with excitement. "What if I just go in my pants, right here on the couch!"

Cormac burst into laughter, echoing through the club, he then pointed with his cigar towards Ruby and loudly claimed, "That’s what I like about you Ruby! You’re right, be free and just do whatever the fuck you want in this shithole."

Selene couldn’t comprehend what she heard Ruby just say, was she joking? An in side joke maybe between her and Cormac? Before she could say anything Cormac continued.

He took a quick puff from his cigar, blowing out a thoughtful stream of smoke., "People in this city do all sorts of crazy stuff anyway. Trust me, I’ve seen people blow another ones head clean off because they looked funny at them... well to be fair, I guess the guy was as high as a kite... but still!!”

Ok, Selene couldn’t help but grin at Cormac’s joke, maybe he did have a point. But still... Selene frowned at the thought.

Ruby's giggle escalated into a laugh as she saw the bewilderment on Selene's face. Then, with a mischievous glint in her eye she doubled down, “It’d feel so good to relax and let out a long spurt... and not stop the flow immediately...”

Selene, still surprised, responds: “You can’t be serious? But what if people see you in wet peed pants?” She looks at Ruby, who is giggling at her own... “joke”? Selene still wondered if this was some out of season April fools joke.

Cormac, clearly showing the effects of the drinks he’d had, laughs and says: “This is Night City, she can do whatever she wants!” He raises his glass in a toast to the freedom of Night City.

Selene, agrees with Cormac and Ruby that in this city everything is possible, maybe even something as crazy as skipping a toilet visit if she feels like it. Although Selene still wasn’t completely sure if she was joking or not.

Ruby had shifted her stance by now and was sitting on the couch with her legs tightly closed and her hand squeezed between her thighs, visibly holding herself while she’s fidgeting.

"My bladder is actually bursting by now..." Ruby said nonchalantly, a mischievous smile playing on her lips. "Ooh, it would feel so good to relieve some pressure..."

Cormac, with his characteristic nonchalance, responded, “Just do it! It doesn’t matter if people see it!” He briefly raised his glass again and toasted once more, “Do whatever the fuck you want, choom!”

Then, it happened. Ruby let out a soft, almost relieved sigh, followed by a sarcastic, “Oops.”

Selene watched in a mix of surprise and intrigue as Ruby slowly spread her legs and removed her hand from her crotch, revealing a small, dark patch slowly spreading across her jeans. All doubt vanished from Selene's mind; Ruby was genuinely not joking. She realized if you had the guts, you could literally get away with anything in Night City...

“You really peed in your pants!” Selene exclaimed loudly, her voice filled with disbelief.

“Haha, that’s not even that much.” Cormac leaned forward for a better view of her crotch. “That’s barely a trickle. You can hardly see that she peed her pants!”

“Yeah, relax, it was just a spurt,” Ruby remarked calmly, her tone dismissive yet playful.

Selene wasn’t sure where this evening was headed, but she couldn’t help feeling intrigued by Ruby and her antics. Meanwhile, Ruby sat carelessly on the couch, legs spread, her hands now caressing the visible wet patch on her jeans, completely unbothered by the possibility of being seen by passers-by.

“Hmm, that feeling of wearing wet panties... it feels so inviting to do some more...” Ruby mused aloud, her voice laced with a hint of temptation.

Selene couldn’t keep her eyes off when she noticed that the wet patch was clearly growing bigger, Ruby’s crotch now glistening under the neon lights of the club. This wasn’t just a small spurt like before; the wet patch expanded across her crotch, the wetness spreading down her butt and onto the couch.

“Ok, now you can say I pissed myself!” Ruby declared in an upbeat voice. She leaned back on the couch, fully relaxed, took a sip from her drink in one hand, her other hand carelessly caressing her wet crotch while she still sat with her legs spread.

Now, anyone passing by could see she had unmistakably pissed her pants, and the couch for that matter.

Cormac burst out laughing at the sight of the whole situation. “I love that you’re actually doing it you crazy bitch! This is Night City, baby!!” he exclaimed, his laughter echoing through the club.

Cormac flicked open his box of cigs and offered one to Selene and Ruby.

“No thanks, plenty of things try to kill me on a daily basis already, don’t need one more,” Selene responded, her tone down-to-earth.

“Gotta agree with Selene on that one,” Ruby chimed in.

“Haha, I like you girls!” Cormac blurted out. He pulled out a fresh cigar, lit it with a flick of his lighter, and took a quick puff. “People try to kill me on a daily basis but never succeed. Might as well give the poor bastards a hand and do it myself!”

Selene couldn’t help but laugh at Cormac’s dark humor, feeling more at ease than she thought she would. Her initial shock replaced by fascination. “I love how carefree you two are! I thought you were joking at first when you said you wanted to pee right here... on the couch and in your pants I mean.”

“I don’t see what’s the big deal?” Cormac interjected, leaning back with a nonchalant air, his cigar glowing softly in the dim light. “If a girl wants to have a few drinks and feels like going for a piss in her pants, who are we to stop her?”

Selene, feeling the effects of the alcohol, nodded, her voice laced with a mix of admiration and amusement., “You know what, I think I agree with it! There’s no fucking decency in this city anyway!”

Ruby leaned back further, a look of relief washing over her face. A soft moan escaped her lips, a sound of pure relief mixed with a hint of pleasure. Her face softened, eyes closing briefly in a moment of pure relaxation as she allowed the warm wetness to spread through her jeans.

Her pee was flowing freely now, the wet patch expanding across her thighs while the fabric darkened, visible under the club's neon lights. The sensation of warmth and release feeling incredible.

Pee was pooling on the couch where Ruby was sitting, excess pee streaming off the edge, creating a tiny stream that pattered softly on the ground, forming a growing puddle at her feet.

Cormac watched, his cigar paused halfway to his lips, a mix of amusement and disbelief in his eyes. "Well, I'll be damned," he murmured, more to himself than anyone else.

Ruby seemed to be completely at ease while she let her bladder empty, watching how her jeans got more and more saturated with her pee, soaking her jeans completely by the time her stream was starting to subside.

"Feels so good to just let go, doesn't it?" Her voice was calm, as she pushed the last spurt in her panties and jeans. Once she was done, let out a sigh and without any hesitation she finished the rest of her drink in one big gulp.

Selene was sitting with her mouth agape, still with her drink in one hand... frozen. Trying to process what she had just observed.

Ruby was sitting perfectly calm, clearly comfortable knowing that anyone that took a glance in her direction could see she had peed herself fully... but this didn’t seem to faze Ruby one bit.

This woman is full of surprises...

And then a revelation hit Selene...

Every time she fired up her Sandevistan, making the world around her move in slow-motion.

Of course such a powerful implant takes a toll on her body every time she fired it up.

The implant would send a current through her nerves and muscles throughout her body, which also made her bladder spasm... it was also hard to keep control while it was active... so far she had always made sure to be aware of her needs, or how full her bladder was before going out on a mission, knowing she might have to use her Sandevistan.

Seeing the carefree attitude of Ruby who had just openly and on purpose peed her jeans in the club... Selene couldn’t help but overthink her own situation... she had been afraid of essentially having an accident when using her Sandy at full power, she feared it almost more than death itself...

But seeing Ruby’s antics... maybe.... just maybe, it wasn’t such a big deal and she has been overreacting all this time?

###

Feedback is appreciated, might still need some edits here or there.

Grok 2.0 was used for some of the images and general improvements in writing.

*004*2024-10-05 17:47

{{On 9/30/2024 at 10:33 PM, hcmlongr18 said:

Excited to see you starting a new story! Cyberpunk is a great vehicle for casual fetish stuff like this. Out of curiosty, is your cruise story still up anywhere on the web, or did you have to take it down everywhere? I find myself wishing I could read it again, even if certain parts had to be removed or tweaked.

}}

It got taken down here after I posted the last chapter, I'm still confused about that ordeal.

You can find it on other platforms though. Check DM 👍

*022*2024-12-25 01:12

{{On 12/21/2024 at 3:28 AM, ILoveOmorashi said:

What prompts/descriptions did you use in Grok to create these images? I could have created some for my two stories.

}}

For Selene:

"artistic cyberpunk style, black clothes with silver and tiny green accents, walking through the rain in cyberpunk city, innocent look, cyberpunk universe, subtle nuanced cyberpunk 2077 inspired cybernetic implants, fog, night time, neon light in the background, cybernetic eyes"

For Ruby:

"'red hair, artistic cyberpunk style, dark grey tshirt, dark red blazer, grey jeans, sitting on couch in a cyberpunk underworld bar, innocent look, cyberpunk universe, subtle nuanced cyberpunk 2077 inspired cybernetic implants in hands, edgy bar atmosphere, fog, night time, neon light in the background, bar more dark and ominous, blue cybernetic eyes"

And then I kept making revisions to each, adding details or deleting prompts, just talk to it like it's an assistant controlling a dumb image generator.

I easily made 15+ images for each and picked the best ones from there.

