A fantasy

Author: OmoScripter

*000*2019-06-29 06:49

Wrote this in a couple of hours on a particularly interminable ferry ride. A bit short and sweet perhaps, but it got the job done.

###

"You want me to wee in my knickers?" you exclaimed when I told you my fantasy. You refused that night, you couldn't do it, and we went to sleep.

But when you think about it later, about how naughty it is, you feel your mouth begin to dry, and your knickers begin to moisten. Your heart begins to beat faster, and your breath begins to quicken. You want to wee in your knickers, right here and now.

But you don't need a wee, not enough to wet yourself. So you drink two glasses of water, and begin to read. As your bladder fills you feel discomfort, and you begin to hold yourself. Your jeans make this more difficult than it needs to be, so you take them off, and put a short skirt on over your plain pink knickers.

An hour later, you need to go to the toilet. A thrill courses through you, and you walk to the bathroom, sitting down on the toilet in your knickers.

You try to wee, you really do, but not a drop passes through your knickers. But your pussy, now wet and desperate for attention, gives you other ideas.

You lick your fingers before sliding them into your knickers, and start to stroke your clit.

Slowly at first, then faster as you feel your clit swell and your lips engorge. You feel your orgasm building, and feel like you need to wee.

You pause for a second. The arousal subsides, but the need to wee remains. You sit there, panting, before resuming your work.

This time you lift up your top and rub your nipples with one hand, as you stick a finger inside yourself with the other. You play, and again your orgasm builds. You also feel your other need growing. You really need to wee.

You stop a second time, but you're really horny now and desperate to cum. You thrust your hands back into your knickers and rub furiously. Your need to cum and your need to wee are the same. You're going to cum, and when you do, you're going to wee in your knickers. You moan slightly, you're so close now.

And then it happens. You feel a contraction in your pussy. Then a second, and before you know it you cum in your knickers. Your orgasm lasts several seconds, and it's so blissful that you almost don't notice the warmth flooding your panties.

You're having an accident. You're doing a wee in your knickers. The sensations between your legs heighten and you close your eyes.

When it's over, you open your eyes and begin to take in your surroundings. You can't remember cumming this hard before. You lift the front of your skirt, look down, and see how soaked the front of your knickers are. It feels so good.

And yet, at the same time, you're not satisfied. You have other needs which you can't fulfil on your own. You pick up your phone, and send me a message.

"I just did a wee in my knickers. Wanna see?"

