The Pink and Proud Toad (Toadette)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-06-01 12:09

This story was suggested by @trekkie

"You wanted to see me your highness?" Toadette happily skipped towards the princess. Peach turned around and smiled.

"Ah,toadette! I'm glad to see you were available." The princess said.

"Of course! anything for the Princess of the Mushroom" Toadette then spun around and gave peach a thumbs up.

"Thank you,dear! Now then. as for why i called you here. We're gonna host our next party soon. And i need as much help as possible. You're one of the most hardworking toads i have,so i want you to help me with a few tasks." Peach said.

"Of course,your highness" Toadette replied.

"First up,the invitations. I have this one specifically for Mario and Luigi. Can you bring it to the Toad Town Post Office for me?" Peach said while pulling out an invitation. She handed to toadette,who then stored it in her vest.

"You can count on me,Princess!" Toadette said. Not wanting to waste any time,Toadette happily skipped away from the princess and into the direction of Toad Town. She started singing while skipping,but she abruptly stopped and placed a hand on her belly.

"Oh...i need to use the little toads room...." Toadette said to herself. She was so focused on helping the princess that she completely forgot to go before leaving. She looked behind her and she was still very close to the castle. But she ultimately decided against it. The princess gave her a task and she didn't want to put it on hold just for a pee break. Toadette kept walking until she arrived at a Warp Pipe. She jumped into the warp pipe and waited to reach the other side. And a few seconds later she jumped back out and ran away in fear. A Piranha Plant came out of the pipe and started snapping in her direction. It then retreated back into the pipe,leaving Toadette confused.

"Since when were there....." She interrupted herself when she noticed a sign next to the pipe.

"WARNING: THERE'S HAS BEEN A PIRANHA PLANT INFESTATION GOING ON RECENTLY IN THE MUSHROOM KINGDOMS PIPE SYSTEMS. THE MARIO BROTHERS ARE CURRENTLY WORKING AS HARD AS POSSIBLE TO GET THEM OUT OF THERE. PLEASE REFRAIN FROM USING THE PIPES UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE!"

Toadette sighed. "Looks like i'm gonna have to make it to the post office on foot." She walked past the pipe shook her head. She felt a slight pressure in her body,but she ignored it for now.

###

After a few minutes,Toadette made it to the entrance of Toad Town. Toadette's eyes widened,the town seemed to be more busy than usual. "Must be because of the party" Toadette thought. Despite this,she slowly made her way through all the toads that wandered around the town. While she was walking around,she occasionally felt a bit of pressure in her body. Toadette continued to ignore the pressure and kept walking through the crowd until she stopped in front of a house.

"This is....no,this is Tayce T.'s house...uhh...oh there it is!" Toadette said as she saw the Post Office across the street. She crossed the street and entered the post office. Upon entering the Office,she saw the Postmaster standing behind the reception.

"Excuse me,Postmaster?" The old koopa turned around and flew closer to the counter.

"Oh! Toadette! How can i help you?"

"I'm here to bring a letter. Can you deliver this to the house of the Mario bros?" Toadette pulled out the invitation and handed it over to the Postmaster.

"Of course,we'll have it delivered as fast as possible." The postmaster said as he put the letter away. "Is there anything else i can help you with?"

"Uh...yeah. Would you guys happen to have a bathroom here?" Toadette asked as she looked around.

"Uhh..we do. But i'm afraid it's for employees only." The postmaster said.

*Sigh* understood. I'll just be on my way then.." Toadette said as she made her way to the exit.

"Thank you and i hope to see you soon!" The postmaster said. Toadette closed the door behind her and crossed her legs.

"It's fine...I can take a pee break once i'm back at the castle." Toadette told herself. With that,she began skipping away from the office,but then she slowed down and started walking normal.

"Maybe i shouldn't do that...." Toadette said as she held her hand over her belly.

###

"Princess! I'm back! and i did it!" Toadette said as she approached the rules of the Toads.

"Oh! Welcome back,toadette! Thanks for your help!" Peach said for a smile.

"Anytime princess." Toadette said. She was about to turn around and leave,but then Peach continued to speak.

"Now then,for your next task. We need to get some decorations." Peach said. Toadette mentally facepalmed. She forgot that Peach had called her here for "a few" tasks.

"There's are a few question blocks in the basement where the decorations are kept. Can you go fetch them for me?" Peach asked. Toadette briefly thought about asking Peach for a bathroom break,but she ultimately decided against it. thinking to herself "The princess comes first!"

"Of course! I'll have those blocks back in no time!" Toadette said with a thumbs up.

###

The Star-powered door opened automatically and then closed behind Toadette. The pink Toad made her way down some stairs and then entered a hallway. As she was walking,she could still feel the pressure in her body. The pressure was now starting to become a little hard for her to ignore.

"You can hold it in,Toadette. You're not a little girl." Toadette said to herself. She went through a door and started making her way through the dimly lit hallway.

"Now where are those blocks?" Toadette said. She wandered around the basement,but she couldn't find the blocks anywhere.

"C'mon! Where are they?!" Toadette said to herself. it felt like she was walking in circles. She went through multiple doors,but she couldn't the blocks anywhere. She didn't want to keep the princess waiting and she was starting to get desperate to relieve herself.

"GET BACK HERE YOU LITTLE RASCAL!" Toadette jumped at the sudden voice. Suddenly a rabbit hopped right past her. Toadette kept staring at the rabbit until she heard the voice again.

"GET BACK HERE!" A toad with a blue vest and blue spots stopped in front of her and looked around. "Where did it go?"He then turned to toadette.

"Hey! Toadette. Did you see a rabbit around here?" Toadette pointed behind her.

"Sweet,thanks..." Toad was about to chase after the rabbit,but toadette grabbed his hand and stopped him.

"Uh,before you leave. Do you know where the princess keeps her decorations?" Toad nodded and motioned toadette to follow him. They stopped in front of a wall,earning a confused look from Toadette. Toad pressed his hands against the wall and opened a hidden door,which made Toadette's eyes widen.

"Here you go! Now if you excuse me,i have a bunny to catch!" Toad said. And right after that...ZOOOOOOM! He dashed off. Toadette stood there with her eyes wide open until another wave of pressure snapped her out of her shocked state. Toadette crossed her legs and slowly entered the secret room. Her eyes immediately locked onto the present-shaped Question Blocks that were resting against the wall on the other side of the room. Toadette approached one of the questions blocks and tried picking it up. However the block proved to be surprisingly heavy,causing her to stumble back a bit before dropping it. She let out a sigh,but then felt another wave of pressure. She pressed her hands against her crotch and looked at the boxes.

"C'mon Toadette. You've gone on a few adventures with Mario himself. You've even helped him with creating grueling levels. A few blocks should be nothing." Toadette told herself. She slowly stacked the blocks on top of each other and lifted them all. It took a lot of her strength but she was able to hold them without stumbling. But then she felt yet another wave of pressure going through her body, causing her to cross her legs.

"C'mon Toadette! You can do it!"

###

It took a few minutes,but Toadette was almost there. A few Toads offered to help out while she was on her way to the princess,But Toadette declined their offers. Stating that they needed to focus on their own tasks. Toadette dropped the boxes in front of the princess and let out a loud huff.

"Here you go princess." Toadette said as she leaned against one of the blocks. She rubbed her knees together and looked at the ground.

"Excellent,for your next task.....uhh...." Peach's words trailed off as she noticed how Toadette nervous Toadette looked. "Is everything alright toadette?"

"Yeah! Yeah! I'm fine! So what's my next task?" Toadette said with her hands on her waist and a bright smile.

"Are you sure you're okay? Do you want to take a break?" Peach asked. Toadette hesitated to answer. On the one hand,she could really use a pee break right now. On the other hand? The party was pretty important. And she had only done two tasks so far. She was sure she could get a few more done before having to leave for a pee break.

"Yeah! I'm good! Don't worry about me princess!" Toadette said. Peach raised an eyebrow,but ultimately nodded and gave Toadette her next task.

###

Toadette was now starting to regret declining the break peach had offered. The pink toad may have had a huge amount of bravery,but her bladder wasn't as huge. The tasks peach had for her ended taking longer than expected and her bladder had become pretty full during that time. And the pressure that felt like a small annoyance earlier had become even stronger now,to the point where Toadette could feel a slight twinge with each step she took.

"Princess Peach?" Toadette called. The princess turned around. "I'm done with the decorations." Toadette said. As she suspected,the reason the question blocks were so heavy was because there were LOTS of decorations inside. And Toadette had to help with putting every single one of them on. Granted,the princess had assigned a few toads to help her,but the task still took way longer than she would've liked.

"Toadette.....You can take a break if you want." Peach said with a worried expression.

"No,that won't be necessary! I only have a few tasks to go,right? I can do them all now! Everything will be fine!" Toadette said. Peach looked at the way Toadette was moving. The crossed legs,the clenched fists,the way she was squirming. Even her usually bright smile seemed to be a little dimmer.

"Toadette...you don't have to hold it in!" Peach said.

"Huh? Hold what in? I'm fine princess!" Toadette replied. Peach sighed.

If you insist....Can you go check up on the other toads?" The princess said.

"O-oh course!" Toadette said. She tried skipping away,but she immediately felt a sharp twinge in her bladder,causing her entire body to stiffen up. She then slowly walked away from the princess. She entered the hallway and began making her way through the hallway. She arrived at the center of the castle and went into the room with the bob-omb pictures in it.

"*Ahem...How is everything going here?" Toadette said. A toad standing near a table of drinks turned around.

"Everything is going fine. We're busy preparing the drinks." The toad said. The toad then opened a bottle of Chuckola Cola and poured it into one of the cups. The sight of pouring liquid caused Toadette's bladder to give a sudden spasm. Toadette let out a yelp and crossed her legs tighter.

"Uhh..Toadette? are you okay?another toad asked.

"Y-Yeah! I'm fine..uh...everything seems to check out. I'll be taking my leave for now. Toadette turned around and bolted out of the room with her hands against her crotch. The toads noticed this and looked at each other in confusion.

###

Toadette quickly walked to the end of the hallway and reached the door. She reached for the door,but she jerked forward due to another spasm going through her body. By this point,she could feel a wet patch in her underwear. She crossed her legs tighter and opened the door.

Peach was now standing front of the fountain,She turned around and smiled.

"Toadette,welcome....back..." Peach's smile slowly disappeared on she looked at Toadette. She looked even more uncomfortable than she was before.

"Ah....I'm-I'm done,princess! Everything is set. Is there...anything else you need me to do?" Toadette said as she squirmed.

"Toadette i...you should take a break." Peach said.

"No,no! Everything is fine! i can...EEP!" Toadette jerked forward against and placed a hand on her crotch.

"Toadette....We're done for now. Please take a break." Peach said with a worried look on her face. Toadette was about to protest,but her bladder was on the verge of bursting.

"Okay! i'll be taking a break then..just uhh. Don't hesitate to come get me if you need anything!" Toadette said. Before Peach could say anything else,Toadette made a mad dash towards the door.

###

"Gotta pee! I can't hold it! I gotta pee!" Toadette said as she ran down the hallway. She felt another twinge,causing her to stop in her tracks. She grabbed her crotch and rubbed her legs even tighter. Once she was sure she had her bladder under control again,she made another dash forward. But then....

*CRASH*

She bumped into Blue Toad.

"Argh...my head...Huh? Where did the...." Blue toad got up and saw the rabbit hopping towards the exit.

"Ah! Fungah! Now i have to chase him again!" Blue toad said. He turned to toadette,but his anger immediately turned into worry as he saw toadette sitting there with her legs crossed.

"Toadette? Are you okay?" The toad asked. Toadette whined and rubbed her legs together....

"I...i can't...no!" She said as tears started to slide down her face.

"What's going on? you can't what?" The toad asked. That's when he noticed the growing wet patch on her pants.

"D-don't look!" Toadette said as she started sobbing. The wet patch on her pants grew more and more until a puddle started forming until toadette. The puddle grew bigger and bigger while toadette covered her face. Blue toad looked at her with eyes as wide as dinner plates. He tried moving closer to toadette without stepping into the puddle.

"H-Hey! It's okay..." Toad said as he patted her back. Toadette showed no reaction other than sobbing.

"Excuse me,who's rabbit is this?" Toad turned around and saw the princess approaching them with the rabbit in her arms. She immediately noticed Toadette sitting there crying in a puddle of her own urine.

"Oh..toadette..." Peach said as she handed Toad the rabbit.

"Princess...I'm sorry. *Sniff* i should've gone sooner..." Toadette said as she got up from the buddle. Peach approached toadette and warped her arms around Toadette.

"It's fine. I'm not mad..." Peach said as she patted her on the head. "but why didn't you just go? if you needed to go so badly,you could've just told me,darling. i even offered you to take a few breaks.."

"I'm sorry. i just *Sniff* Didn't want to keep you waiting princess. I wanted to make you proud..." Toadette said.

"Sweetie,you did a good job today. But you shouldn't hold it in until you're about to burst. it's not healthy. Next time you need to use the ladies room,Please just say so." Peach said while placing her hands on her hips.

"Yes,your highness." Toadette said as she wiped away her tears.

"I'll get some toads to clean this up. Toadette,you're done for today..." Peach said.

"Yes your highness. But...How am i supposed to return to my quarters? i can't go into the hallway like this..." Toadette said.

###

*Splash*

Toadette landed in the fountain Peach stood in front of minutes ago. She got out of the fountain and shook some of the water off. The Blue toad returned to the fountain and handed her a towel. Toadette took the towel and covered her body with it.

"Alright....Now that that's taken care of. I'll be returning to my quarters to change my clothes. Toadette said.

"We'll still be seeing you at the party,right?" Toad asked.

"None else knows about this,right?" Toadette asked.

"Nope. Peach told the cleanup toads that a random toad had spilled a drink there..." Toad said.

"Then yes,i'll be coming." Toadette said with a smile. Toadette then walked away from the fountain.

"Alright,i'll see you later." Toadette said as she entered the hallways again. As she was making her way back to her quarters when suddenly two toads approached her.

"Woah,toadette! What happened to you? Did you trip and land in the fountain or something? one of the toads asked.

"Yes...yes i did..." Toadette said.

###

And that's the end of the story. This is the first story i've done that ended with a character not making it. Like i've said a few times (and on my profile), i prefer making stories where the character makes it to the bathroom or relieves themselves somewhere else. So i'm not going to be doing a lot of wetting stories in the future.

With all of that said,i still hope you enjoyed the story.

*006*2022-04-15 14:09

{{11 hours ago, Kingofkong said:

Hey, did you make that toadette art featured in this? Because it's really great! Would love to see if you could do more, but I already asked about that idea prevously. Anyway, I had a cool suggestion for a story. What if it was about mario saving peach, but the story continously swaps between the two. Honestly, a story swapping between 2 characters would be interesting.

}}

Yep, It was the first time i tried drawing for this site.

As for your suggestion. I'd be willing to give it a try.

