A Wet Pajama Day

Author: Omorashi75

*000*2016-08-14 04:04

Fiction Story - A Wet Pajama Day Everyone knew John liked to wet himself. Throughout the school year, ti was almost certain that at least once a week, he could be caught letting little spurts of pee into his pants, if not outright peeing himself once in a while. So it went, although his best friend Justin never joined in. Justin only ceded once, spurting into his underwear during recess at the insistence of John. He never repeated the act and John never asked, although Justin would never admit how good it had felt.

So came pajama day, and in walked John in a pair of rocket ship-themed footed pajamas. He hung up his coat and shucked off his shoes before heading to class.

"Hi John, gonna wet your jammies today?" Crissy asked as he settled down at his desk. Most of the other students knew of but didn't care about his wetting, as long as he didn't make a mess.

"Maybe," he replied, turning to see Justin sitting a few rows ahead, wearing a blue and grey sleeper, the white soles slightly dirty from having skipped wearing shoes altogether, John knew. Justin saw John and waved. If only he knew my plan, John thought.

After lunch, John padded over to Justin and asked him to follow, heading to a single person bathroom, John locked the door.

"What did you want to talk to me about in private?" Justin asked, fingering the zipper of his sleeper idly.

"I want you to pee yourself.' John said simply.

Justin was taken aback, "No.'I can't," he said, although with little conviction. That time he had done it was one of his most cherished memories.

"Come on. I know how much you liked it last time. You can't hide that from me. It was written all over your face. I'm doing you a favor."

“I don’t know”

“Come on, its great. You'll love it and regret ever having refused," he grabbed Justin's leg and pulled it towards him, the non skid sole gripping the floor, causing Justin to stumble, and with that, he straddled Justin's leg and began to pee, a look of pure ecstasy crossing his face as he peed in his rocket-ship footie pajamas, the pee running down his legs, onto the bathroom floor and onto Justin's leg, soaking his blue and gray sleeper in warm liquid.

“No…nnnnn…”hiding it…nnnnow” John gasped, still soaking his sleeper with a look of pure ecstasy on his face.

Justin felt his friend’s pee soak his own sleeper, cascading over his leg and onto the floor, where it formed a puddle around their feet, soaking their sleepers’ feet as well. He might as well now, he thought gleefully.

Justin started to pee, gasping in pleasure as the warm liquid wet his underwear and proceeded to soak his jammies even further, flowing onto the floor with a loud hissing sound.

“Aaaahhhhh” he moaned as the warm wetness spread throughout his pajamas, running down his legs and making a pattering sound as it ran over his pajamas’ feet, before leaking onto the tile floor and mingling into the large puddle of pee they were both now standing in.

"Oh wow, Oh wow," Justin repeated as his stream subsided. He ran his hand over his soaking crotch, luxuriating in the warm wetness. He looked down at himself, his pjs soaked and his feet standing in a large puddle of pee. "That was great."

'See, told you," John said, splashing over and clapping Justin on the shoulder with a pee-soaked hand.

'What do we do now," Justin asked, only half caring.

"We go back to class. You know how I do it."

They squelched back to class, leaving pee-footprints in their wake. They reached their classroom and headed in. All heads turned to to them and their dripping pjs. Several students cheered or called out bet res7ults as they padded back to their desks.

"Good going, John," Crissy said. John could swear he heard a spurting sound coming from her seat. "What was that sound?" he asked.

"Ohh, nothing," she said, bunching her nightdress around her crotch.

John thoroughly enjoyed his day in his soaked sleeper, periodically adding to the wet warmth throughout the day, but he knew that Justin had enjoyed it a whole lot more.

