Ellie and Dina: Dina`s Accidents Preview

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2023-07-20 19:20

Beginning Note: This is a preview for a commissioned full length Last of Us 2 story, centered around Ellie and Dina. Mainly from Dina’s point of view but will switch to Ellie’s now and then. As of right now the only warnings I have are straight sex and nude urination, but obviously the full length fic will feature much more. Enjoy!

Dina x Jessie, Ellie: Wet Sex and Post Coital Urination

Dina was currently enjoying herself, her loud moans being perfect proof of that. She was a tan Israeli girl, slightly muscular and perhaps chubby in all the right places (thick or thicc is the word we would use but such lingo doesn’t exist in this universe if I’m not mistaken). Her breasts were large with brown nipples which she toyed with as she lay down in the bed while her boyfriend Jesse pounded into her missionary style. He was a pretty Asian boy with stylish rockstar hair, a thin muscular body, and a matching thin, long dick.

She heard nasty rumors that Jesse was rather unimpressive regarding that area, which she really wouldn’t have minded considering the boy knew how to use his mouth, but she grinned knowing the cock nailing her cervix said otherwise. Speaking of, her sounds of pleasure grew louder as she threw her head back, spreading her legs to accommodate his length, enjoying his own groans as she squeezed the head of his dick with her plump, brown cunt lips. Unfortunately, this triggered the problem Jessie did have. However, Dina had anticipated this, thrusting her hips even farther.

“Damnit Dina, don’t! I’m gonna cum early again!” “It’s okay Jess, I prepared. Just go wild.” Jessie wanted to question what she had done but his need to release his seed got the better of him and he focused all his energy on doing so. Dina’s cry of pleasure grew louder than ever before as she was being stimulated by two pleasures, Jessie’s cock obviously, but also the bubbling urine in her bladder. She had drunk a lot of water knowing how much better sex was with a full bladder and knew despite Jessie’s tendency to release early she would still come. Case in point, Jessie bucked his hips some more time and with one final thrust he hammered his cock straight into her cunt. The head of his dick tickled her cervix and the rest of his length twitched, followed by hot semen flowing through her womb. The combination caused Dina to climax as well, the pleasure so intense it was almost painful and she cried as she released her desire, squirting all over Jessie’s dick and the bed.

“Wow Dina, I did good this time?” “Fuck yes you did big boy.” Dina grinned. “Hold up a sec, I gotta take a piss and clean up. You jizzed all up in this pussy.” She crassly announced as she tied a robe on, too exhausted and lazy to put on a shirt and pants, despite the freezing weather. She strode to the woods and headed to her usual spot, to her surprise, her good friend Ellie was there. “You need to piss too?” Dina casually asked as she untied her robe and dropped it. The frigid weather caused her nipples to harden into glass cutters but she ignored it. “No offense Dina but you smell like you already did. Were you masturbating?” the other girl questioned as she unzipped her jeans and pulled them down along with her panties. “Even better, I just got done fucking Jessie.” “Thank you Dina, I really needed that mental image.” Ellie replied as sarcastically as she could, yet she couldn’t deny the mental image was rather arousing.

Now suitably undressed, both women voided their bladders and urinated while standing up. Dina took the time to observe Ellie’s body and compare it to her own. Ellie had brown hair, was pale and lithe, with a slightly muscular structure as well, in contrast to her tan and curvy figure. Interestingly enough, she also had a bush, however hers was even darker and thicker than Dina’s. Another contrast was how they urinated. Ellie had a thin, yet consistent and lengthy trickle that lasted longer than a whole minute, and hardly made any noise aside from quiet gasps and pants. Dina however had an explosive waterfall pour out her genitals that only lasted ten seconds but was quite impressive all the same. To top it off Dina loudly moaned her relief without a care in the world.

“You moan like a whore with wanton lust.” Ellie grumbled with a blush on her face as she looked away in embarrassment. She was internally conflicted about having to hide the fact that she had just heard her best friend making similar sounds not too long ago. Ellie was already aroused when she realized what had been going on in the room across from hers, and then realized Dina would most likely relieve herself in their secluded spot they selected some time ago and had raced outside to see if they could do so together. Little did she know they’d be doing similar activities and a lot more in just a matter of months.

