Going For A Walk Desperation (Interactive)

Author: OmoEva

*000*2016-05-15 08:16

Becca woke up from bed. She got up and washed up. Putting on a shirt with a short mini skirt. She went to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator, she wasn't sure what to pick to drink.

What should she drink?

A. Juice

B. Water

C. Iced Tea

*002*2016-05-15 08:29

Becca decides to drink some Iced Tea. She grabs a tall cup and fills it to the top with iced tea. She gulps it down, feeling really thirsty all of a sudden. She decides to go for a walk at the local park that is nearby. She grabs a water bottle and walks out the door. Knowing that if she is gonna be walking,she should stay hydrated. She begins walking down the long path behind her house. She opens the water bottle and begins taking sips from it. The sun is shining and it is a beautiful day outside. She comes across two paths, one to the right and one to the left.

Which path should she pick?

A. Right to the regular path.

B. Left to the area with a waterfall.

*007*2016-05-15 23:34

Becca decides to go to the left. She turns left and begins walking down the path. She begins to hear a noise like rushing water, she looks up and sees a big waterfall. Hearing the rushing water makes her have to pee. The iced tea and little sips of water quickly makes it way down to her bladder. Becca notices a sign by the waterfall, it reads "Drink this cool refreshing water, it will give you a energy boost. But be careful as there is a little surprise that may be inconvenient." Becca thinks it would be cool to drink water from a waterfall.

What should she do?

A. Scoop a handful of water to drink.

B. Pour out water bottle water onto the ground and fill water bottle with waterfall water.

*009*2016-05-16 01:40

Becca empties out her water bottle onto the ground, and then refills it with waterfall water. She takes a gulp of water, its so good that she gulps it all down. She refills the water bottle and continues walking. Suddenly she feels a strange sensation in her bladder and she has to go really bad. Maybe this was the inconvenience the sign was talking about. Becca crossed her legs and held herself. It felt like something heavy was laying on top of her bladder and pushing down.

What should she do?

A. Straighten up and continue walking.

B. Release a little bit, just to try and remove the pressure.

*011*2016-05-16 02:01

Becca straightens up and continues walking. As she walks deeper into the path, she realizes shes lost! She looks around and has no idea where shes at. As she is walking she takes a gulp from her water bottle. A great mistake, as she feels it hit her bladder instantly. Becca feels little drops leak out, into her panties. There is no way she is going to pee in the bushes. So shes just going to have to hold it. But what can she do, to distract herself?

What should she do?

A. Take pictures with her phone of her surroundings.

B. Try to finish the water bottle.

C. Look for a way home.

*016*2016-05-17 02:27

Becca takes some pictures of her surroundings. She takes a picture of a blue jay and a robin. She takes pictures of the nature around her and the sky. Looking back she sees the waterfall, and that causes a spurt of pee to come out. Becca feels her bladder give way and mutiple spurts escape. She tries to hold it back but they keep coming out. Her panties getting wetter by the second.

What should she do?

A. Hold herself and hope for the best.

B. Cross legs tightly.

*019*2016-05-17 04:56

Becca crosses her legs tightly. She manages to stop the spurts from coming out. She looks around and thankfully no one was around, to witness her loss of control. Becca lifts her skirt and notices a small wet spot on her panties. A blush tinges her cheeks.

What should she do?

A. Look for a way back home.

B. Finish water bottle.

*024*2016-05-18 05:12

Becca decides to look for a way home. She walks around and is sure she is going on the right path. She feels thirsty and drinks from her water bottle, a few gulps. Forgetting the water is special and has a special effect. Instantly she feels the effects, and doubles over. Just as pee starts spurting out rapidly, almost out of her control. She holds herself and begs her bladder to stop, dancing in place.

What should she do?

A. Finish water bottle to pee in it.

B. Hold it till home.

