Valerie 5: Angela's story

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-03-03 11:37

VALERIE 5: ANGELA'S STORY

Having dropped my husband Peter off at Pisa airport for an early morning flight back to London I drove on to Florence for a morning's shopping. The centre of the city is not very accessible by car so I parked Peter's hired Mercedes in a large open-air car park in the south of the city. It was still fairly early in the day but the sun was already hot so I took a long drink from my water bottle before the 15 minute walk to Ponte Vecchio and the cluster of top-end boutiques around Via de' Tornabuoni north of the river.

Gucchi, Prada, Armani, they are all there but they can be found in any large city. I really wanted to browse the autumn collections of Emilio Pucci, Salvatore Ferragamo and Roberto Cavelli and I had set my heart on a new leather handbag from La Pelle.

By late morning I had acquired several boxes and bags of expensive clothes, shoes and perfume so I took a taxi back to the car park. By now the water I had drunk earlier, together with a restoring cup of coffee at a pavement cafe, was beginning to signal that I needed a wee. I am no fan of public lavatories and I had a two hour drive ahead of me so after stowing my purchases in the boot of the Mercedes I did what I usually do on these occasions, spread my legs and wet my Calvin Klein briefs beneath my summer dress, screened from sight by the cars parked around me.

I then pulled out one of the towels that I carry in the car for such occasions, folded it double and placed it on the driver's seat before getting in, taking care to ensure that my dress was tucked up at the back out of harm's way. I then took another long drink of water from my bottle.

As I drove south from the city on the two hour journey back to our holiday villa deep in the Tuscan countryside the feeling of warm dampness beneath me took me back to my first date with Peter.

###

I had known Peter since childhood as a friend of my older brothers. We did not take much notice of each other then though he was always pleasant and kind towards me despite my low 'kid sister' status in my brothers' eyes. As we grew older I could not help noticing his dark good looks and his nickname, 'The Romany' only added to his allure in my eyes. For his part, I often sensed him looking at me with appreciation as I grew into womanhood.

Peter's first car had been an old MGB roadster with a smoky exhaust, a tattered hood and a patchwork of glass-fibre bodywork repairs. Clearly it had had a long life and a merry one. As soon as he took possession of it he invited me for a day out. He suggested a trip to a beach in North Devon, some hundred miles away and I made up a picnic basket together with plenty of water to ensure that we did not become dehydrated on this hot summer's day.

With the hood down we drove on winding roads through Somerset and across Exmoor until we reached the village of Woolacombe at the north end of a three-mile stretch of golden sand, backed by low cliffs and dunes.

Most visitors stayed close to the village and its facilities so by walking south along the shoreline we were soon entirely alone. I had been in need of a wee for some time but had ignored the public lavatory in the car park, far preferring to relieve myself in the sea later. However we seemed to be walking for ever and things were becoming urgent.

"Peter, I am dying for a wee" I said. "I was going to go in the sea but if I do not go soon it will be too late!"

"Is that a problem?" the Romany asked with a boyish grin "I often have a daydream about you wetting your knickers."

"Do you mean you have brought me all this way just so you can watch me wet myself?"

"Of course" he replied.

"Sounds good to me" I murmured and I started to wet my bikini briefs beneath my sundress. Warmth spread between my legs and I could feel rivulets running down the insides of my thighs. A stream splashed on to the sand between my bare feet as I felt the pleasant ache of relief. Peter looked on appreciatively and I saw his shorts bulge with excitement.

We pitched camp on the dry sand above the high water line and I took off my sundress, all too aware of the wet patch on my bikini bottom. We ran down to the sea and frolicked in the cold waves, then Peter stood still. "I can guess what you are doing" I called across.

"You bet!" he replied "It has been a long time!"

After we had eaten our picnic we sat side by side on the warm sand. "So what's all this about me wetting my knickers?" I asked, curious to hear more.

"It is just one of those things that I find exciting" he replied with a shrug. "Do you mind?"

"Not at all" I reassured him. Truth to tell, I had always found an illicit thrill in 'accidents' and made a point of wearing skirts and dresses so that the option was always available to me. And the idea that I could turn on the Romany whenever I wanted to just by wetting myself was more than exciting.

I lay back on the warm sand and Peter gave me a long, sensuous kiss as he slid his hand between my parted legs. I released a flood into my bikini and felt him stiffen with desire beside me.

We spent the afternoon kissing and caressing and I wet my bikini briefs whenever I felt the need. Eventually, as the sun started to set we walked down to the sea. Peter stood in the shallows, legs apart and hands on hips as he pissed vigorously through his shorts, then we ran into the Atlantic rollers to freshen up for the journey home.

The homeward trip was even slower than the journey out had been. Everybody, it seemed, had decided to make a move at the same time. As we descended through the narrow gorge towards the little town of Lynmouth the traffic slowed to a crawl. We were less than an hour into the journey but the water that I had been drinking all afternoon had caught up with me and the pressure was becoming painful.

"Peter", she said in a worried voice "I am desperate for a wee. I don't think I can wait much longer but there is nowhere to hide beside the road here."

"Just wet the seat then" he replied.

"It is one thing to wet my bikini on the beach, quite another to wee all over your car seat!"

"For me, watching you wet yourself in my car would be a dream come true!" he replied "As for the seat, guess what tanners use to soften leather?"

I was still uncertain but the urge to wee was becoming overwhelming and I took the precaution of lifting my sundress clear of the seat. Shortly afterwards I felt warmth spread beneath me as I lost control. A puddle spread across the seat and pattered off the sides on to the rubber floormats. Peter leaned across and gave me a kiss on the cheek, then rummaged behind the seats and passed me a towel.

"Here you are. I carry it for when the roof leaks but you are welcome to use it to mop up. In any case you will dry off soon enough."

A couple of hours later I wet the seat for a second time.

###

I smiled at the memory and thought how lucky I had been to marry Peter, who went on to build up a large and profitable commercial property empire from nothing. Now we had three beautiful daughters, a London townhouse, a villa in Italy and no money worries.

But now I was being reminded of that first date in another way; the pressure in my bladder was growing and I was still some distance from the villa. What to do? Stop at the roadside and hope that nobody passed by when I was in mid flow? Just let go and wet the seat? The towel I was sitting on took care of my damp briefs but there was no way it could absorb a whole new flood. I imagined trying to explain to Hertz that being peed on was good for the leather and decided to do my best to wait until I arrived home.

At last, with the level of urgency reaching critical point, I turned into the long driveway and drove quickly to the parking space at the rear. As I stood beside the car, peeing through my knickers for a second time, I noticed that the girls and Tom were down by the pool, seemingly with some kind of amateur dramatics going on.

I carried my parcels into the villa, changed into my swimsuit and dropped my sodden knickers into the washbin where, it seemed, my daughters had previously donated three pairs, each with clear signs of an accident. Better run the washing machine later....

I walked out of the villa and down to the pool to see what they were doing.

