Ask NPM's Charazzy! - Page 4

Author: OasisOnLock

*076*2020-06-14 02:25

{{1 minute ago, warham1995 said:

Then again it was an interesting watch seeing the 2 of you fight your biology to the bitter end.

}}

Both: ... Thank you.

Asi: I... would have preferred, too, if it was... really private, but, uhm... I'm glad to have made the Royalty... at least a little bit more interesting.

Chara simply spent a brief moment gazing downwards to her body before returning her attention to the other Monster and nodding.

*079*2020-06-14 02:45

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

Have you tried flattening your bladder bulge asirel

}}

Asriel flinched slightly in response to this question and one of her ears briefly perked a small amount towards Chara before her gaze shifted down her own body.

Asi: I... haven't tried it, yet, but I... probably should try and do that, if... Char doesn't want so much attention to be drawn to it.

{{Just now, warham1995 said:

If the 2 of you had a first crush who or what would it be?

}}

Asriel paused for another short length of time and remained silent as Chara spoke;

Chr: I've... spoken with the Princess in the past about a similar topic; neither of us have... 'crushed' much on anybody—that's the main reason there isn't a King or Prince at the moment—but... we're both fairly happy how that is.

*081*2020-06-14 03:19

{{22 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

If you try it it’ll increase the pressure

}}

Asi: I'm... sure it would, but I guess I can... try—

Asriel then spent a few moments reaching her hands behind her back to begin to tighten her clothes slightly as her bladder was visibly compressed a small amount and her legs tensed.

*083*2020-06-14 03:27

{{2 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Hey asirel are you feeling thirsty

}}

Asi: Now that you mention it, I... suppose so—I haven't had much to drink since... yesterday—yes—

Asriel spent a short length of time further adjusting her clothes before managing to flatten her bladder to her stomach as her tail remained lightly between her legs.

*085*2020-06-14 03:34

Asriel paused for a few moments in thought with the Monster's question before her tail resumed wagging slowly.

Asi: I suppose I could... have some tea.

*088*2020-06-14 04:01

{{2 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Sweet tea or unsweetened

}}

Asriel's tail remained wagging gently as she paused for another short length of time.

Asi: Sweet would be nice, if it's available.

{{1 minute ago, warham1995 said:

Would the queen also like a drink?

}}

Chara shifted her weight slightly over her throne and her gaze turned to the Monster who had asked this question.

Chr: I... suppose so, as well.

*091*2020-06-14 04:11

{{8 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Of course it’s available

}}

Asriel smiled pleasantly to the other Monster and nodded her head gently.

Asi: I could... have some of that, then.

{{4 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

What would you like to drink?

}}

Chr: I guess... whatever it is you're getting her.

Chara adjusted her position another small amount as she appeared not to be particularly keen on drinking.

*094*2020-06-14 15:26

{{10 hours ago, warham1995 said:

*gives chara a small glass of sweet tea.*

}}

Chara took the glass gently from the other Monster and spent a short length of time downing its contents before smiling politely as she handed the emptied glass back.

Chr: Thank you.

{{59 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

So Queen Chara, might I ask what all that shifting and leg crossing is about? Surely you, the queen, can't possibly enjoy holding a full bladder as well?

Oh! And how are Toriel and Asgore doing?

}}

Chara's face flushed in response to this question as she made a point to uncross her legs another time and her body visibly tensed somewhat.

Chr: I'm not—... [sigh]... I don't... enjoy it, but I'm...

Chara shot a brief glance to Asriel who hesitated for a few moments before nodding gently in approval.

Chr: ... —The Princess would... like to engage with myself in some private matters after-hours.

Chara's face remained flushed as she paused for a short length of time before moving on to the next question.

Chr: As for the previous King and Queen, I believe they're... simply living together happily at home; they deserve the break after serving so long as Royalty.

*096*2020-06-14 15:48

{{11 minutes ago, ScarletteV said:

That's great news about Tori and Asgore! I'm glad they're doing well!

You both have some big shoes to fill, following after those two! I wonder how you cope with the pressure.

}}

Chr: I'm glad for them, too. I don't believe too much of that... 'pressure' has... set in, quite yet, but I'm grateful to have the opportunity to follow after the previous Queen.

*098*2020-06-14 16:07

{{1 minute ago, ScarletteV said:

I know another kind of pressure that's set in though~ Ehehe~

}}

Chara paused briefly before sighing another time with the Monster's comment and speaking impatiently;

Chr: ... Those are private matters within the Royalty! What do you hope to gain from its involvement?

Chara demonstratively kept her legs separated and loosened her body somewhat showing that she was still more than capable of pretending this urge simply didn't exist.

