The hiking trip (yagyu and hibari - a senran kagura fic)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2018-01-14 12:30

Yagyu and hibari were on a mountain as part of their shinobi training.

Their teacher told them that in order to complete this training,they need to battle against all of the obstacles they come across during this Hiking trip.

Yagyu was extremely protective if hibari.

Well...protective might be an understatement...obsessive would be more accurate.

She did ever for her and could not afford to let her get hurt.

As they were walking,they entered a dark forest in the mountains.

Yagyu pulled out her umbrella and looked around for enemies.

There wasn’t anyone around.

‘Yagyu-chan...’

Yagyu turned towards hibari and saw her completely exhausted.

‘Can we Please take a break? We’ve been walking for about an hour now....’

Yagyu nodded and they continued to walk for a bit until they saw a perfect spot to rest.

They both saw down and yagyu opened her umbrella.

Hibari sat down and leaned against a rock before falling as sleep.

Yagyu smiled at hibari,she looked cute when she was sleeping so peacefully.

Yagyu then looked at the sky.

She felt very relaxed.

But she then felt something...

Her bladder was starting to fill up.

She didn’t use the bathroom before this trip.

She looked around and started shaking a bit.

She could’ve gone in the bushes,but she couldn’t afford to leave hibari alone.

She decided it would be best to continue with the trip.

That way she can just use the bathroom back at the academy without risking hibari getting in danger.

She shook hibari awake.

’Sorry hibari...but i think we need to continue now...’

Hibari pouted and whined for a bit before getting up.

They continued walking and they got deeper and deeper into the forest.

As they were walking,Yagyu’s need to use the bathroom was increasing each second.

‘Yagyu-chan? Are you okay?’

Yagyu nodded and continued walking.

They higher they climbed the mountain,the more yagyu’s urge for relief increased.

They continued walking in a straight path.

Yagyu placed her hands on her crotch and started looking around.

She could’ve taken any of the bushes around her,but she didn’t want to leave hibari alone.

To make matters worse,it started raining.

Yagyu quickly pulled out her umbrella and covered her and hibari.

Yagyu tried not to shake,but it was a bit difficult to do so because of her bladder.

‘Yagyu-chan!’

Yagyu quickly snapped out of her thoughts and saw a Shinobi ahead.

She pulled out her umbrella and quickly rushed towards the Shinobi.

The Shinobi tried to stab her with a kunai,but she blocked the strike with her umbrella.

However,the knockback also caused the liquid in her bladder to shake a bit

She quickly placed a hand on her crotch before jumping back.

The Shinobi threw a smoke bomb towards her,but she rushed straight through the explosion before slashing the Shinobi with her umbrella.

She them shot some ink in his eyes before roundhouse kicking him away.

She quickly covered her crotch and decided it would be best if she finished this now.

“Secret Ninja Art:Sweeping legs”

Yagyū held her bladed umbrella up into the air before proceeding to spin it around.

Her guardian squid formed atop the umbrella as she started to rapidly pick up speed.

This causes the squid to smack the Shinobi of the mountain with it’s tentacle.

Yagyu grabbing her crotch again before straightening herself and walking back to hibari.

‘Are you okay,hibari?’

Hibari nodded and walked towards yagyu.

As they continued walking,yagyu was slowly reaching her limit.

As she was lost in thought,hibari tugged on her shirt.

‘Yagyu-chan....’

Yagyu turned around and saw hibari fidgeting.

‘I need to pee....’

Yagyu looked around,there were still plenty of bushes around.

‘Can you do it in the bushes?’

Hibari hesitated for a bit.

‘Don’t worry...i’ll keep and eye out for enemies.’

Hibari nodded before she followed yagyu into the bushes.

Once they were deep in the forest,yagyu looked around to make sure it’s safe.

Hibari then pulled her biker shorts down and squated.

She hesitated for a bit before she let out a small spurt.

That spurt soon turned into a stream as she relaxed and peed.

She sighed with relief as yagyu was standing behind her and listening.

Yagyu was blushing and was trying not to look.

But hibari’s relief reminded her of her own needs.

‘Hey...hibari?’

Hibari turned her attention to Yagyu.

‘Can i...can i go next to you?’ Yagyu said as she started fidgeting in place.

Hibari nodded.

Yagyu walked up next to hibari before pulling down her black panties.

She squated next to hibari and relaxed before jetting out a stream of pee.

‘Ahhhh~’

Yagyu let out a loud sigh of relief.

She felt really good now that she finally let it out.

‘Yagyu-chan? How long were you holding it?’

‘Since we left....’ yagyu replied.

The both continue peeing until their streams died down.

Yagyu let out some more drops before hibari spoke up...

‘Umm...there’s nothing to wipe with...’

‘Well then,we’ll have to use the leaves...’

Yagyu grabbed a lead from a bush and checked what kind of leaf it was before using it to wipe her womanhood.

Hibari did the same and after a few seconds,they both got up and pulled up their underwear.

‘I feel so much better....both because i was finally able to let it out....’

She then hugged hibari.

‘...and because you’re still safe with me...’

Hibari returned the hug.

‘Now then...shall we continue?’

Hibari nodded before she grabbed Yagyu’s hand.

Yagyu blushed and smiled before they continued their hiking trip

*002*2018-01-15 13:46

Thanks ^^

