Sylveon Omorashi

Author: OmoEva

*000*2018-01-31 09:21

Just a short story I decided to write, for a fellow omorashi peer. Hope you guys enjoy it, I realize it is short.

Sylveon had just gotten done drinking two bottles of water, after a long jog. She hadn't realized that her bladder was filling up as she was jogging and drinking the water bottles. She stopped and took a rest, breathing heavily and one hand on a tree for support. Sylveon suddenly felt her bladder send her a signal, that it had gotten quite full. Sylveon brought her legs closer together.

After catching her breath, Sylveon began walking through the forest. Wanting to give herself a break and also because her bladder was rather full and she didn't want to put too much strain on it. She kept walking and realized, with panic that she was lost. In the middle of this forest that was like a maze. Sylveon began to shake, from anxiety, she was worried she wouldn't be able to make it out of the forest in time to find a restroom.

Unlike other Pokemon, Sylveon didn't like using the restroom outdoors, like some common animal. She preferred to use the restroom like the humans do. Which caused her to be teased a lot by the other Pokemon. Sylveon really hoped she would make it in time, she didn't want to pee herself. She would never live it down if someone saw.

Being full of anxiety didn't help Sylveon's poor bladder. She had a problem where if she got anxious, she would feel like she had to pee even more and her bladder would fill up faster. She began taking deep breaths trying to calm herself down. But it was too late to stop her bladder from filling up faster. She could feel it, the pressure increasing and her bladder filling up.

Sylveon felt like she had to go even worse now, her bladder felt like an inflated balloon, close to bursting. She managed to lower her anxiety level down, so she wasn't shaking anymore. But she could still feel some anxiety. Which she couldn't help, she was always anxious. Ever since she was old enough to be aware of her surroundings.

She continued walking, looking at her surroundings. The trees all looked the same and were a very bright green with a brown trunk. Even the grass all looked the same. How was she even gonna get out of here? That is when she heard a dreaded sound.

Something she didn't need to or want to hear right now. The sound of a waterfall. Sylveon saw it in the distance and it caused her bladder to try and relax. She doubled over and held herself between the legs. She felt could feel the pee rushing towards her pee hole.

Sylveon felt a few spurts come out, despite her holding herself. She pressed her paw into her girlhood harder. Her paw was beginning to feel damp. Sylveon felt a few more long spurts slip out. Her paw was really wet at this point. She begged her bladder to stop but it wouldn't.

Pee began coming out in a strong stream. Sylveon removed her paws, deciding it was no use. She spread her legs and closed her eyes. Letting out a quiet little moan, relief spreading throughout her entire body. Finally, the stream trickled to a stop and she was finished.

Sylveon could feel herself blushing and tears forming in her eyes. She began to cry embarrassed about her accident.

*002*2018-01-31 21:29

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn the poor girl but that was a great story

}}

I'm glad you liked it.

Yeah, poor Sylveon. :(

*004*2018-02-03 10:16

{{On 2/1/2018 at 10:49 PM, JTeam_ said:

I like it. But I really wish it was longer. Maybe you can post a part two that's longer. That's my suggestion.

}}

The reason it is short is because I'm not really too into Pokemon omorashi. So it was hard to write more.

But it was good practice for me.

I'm not really interested in writing a part two though.

Sorry.

I wrote it mainly for a peer of mine. I'd never had written Pokemon omorashi before that.

I'm glad you liked it though. :)

