Close Calls in Public

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2024-03-02 13:13

My 12th writing, where on this occasion the perverted featured couple goes out on a daring, wet date that plays into exhibitionist themes for some added spice. Enjoy!

_______

Mali [F] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

Yuta [M] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; loves to help in decision-making.

_______

The season is spring, and all things are starting to heat up - the weather, the animals, the people, and most especially, this one couple who're really into piss. And they have an afternoon date scheduled today.

Mali, who suspects that this date will come attached with strings by her lover, choses a more subtle outfit in case of any emergency. She peers at herself in the mirror with her gray-black jeans, a black blouse and black business-casual slip-on shoes. That was, until the strings attached by Yuta affected even that.

"I propose something a little more...Springy, than the gothic approach," he nagged. "Might I suggest this instead?"

He pulls out from behind him a pastel pink and yellow summer dress. On top of the hanger was a large, old-looking straw hat.

"Oh my god, I forgot I even had that, where'd you find it?"

"In the back-right corner of the closet. It was behind the ironing board and all that other junk back there."

"Alright. I'll wear it because I like it ok? Not because of any ulterior motives of course..." she complied snarkily.

"Of course....by the way, I have a plan laid out for today."

"Alright, fill me in. I'll change while I listen," Mali says as she takes the dress and moves behind a folding room divider.

"So, we'll set out in an hour around 5:00. We'll take an uber into town, where we'll eat at this old-fashioned diner that I found. Afterwards, there's a jazzy band that's playing at a nearby bar. I was thinking we could have a couple drinks there. Then, we'll head home, but this time, on foot."

That caught Mali's attention. It was surely a wild challenge. She guessed the route they would take home was about a 30 minute walk, which was alarming enough considering they'd be full on drinks by then. But there had to be more.

"There has to be more, what's the real catch?"

"Several real catches!" Yuta said excitedly. "Essentially, you won't need any panties."

Mali, surprised, picks up her head as she finishes putting the dress on. But way over aroused by the intensity of the prompt, she slips off what she had on under the dress and drops them off to the side of the divider for Yuta to see.

He smiles. "Also involved are some trinkets I got in the mail. Specifically, a remote controlled mini vibrator, and a decently strong diuretic."

Mali's head and heart started racing. With what she just heard, this could become one of the most tense dates she's ever been on. And she was hesitant for a moment on whether this was a good idea or not.

"Additionally, bathroom usage until we get back home is now forbidden."

"Woah, WHAT?" she exclaimed.

"Don't worry, that last part applies to me too. There's spots I know of where we can still go without literally going to the bathroom."

"'Don't worry'?! You're insane! There's no way I'm staying dry! I haven't gone since about noon!"

Suddenly, like an elder becoming aware of their own mortality, Mali became evermore a little more conscious of her bladder situation. She didn't need to go now, but she knew that she'd have to go while they were at the restaurant. How in the hell is that going to work out? she thought.

Before that time to depart came around, Mali had gone and inserted the device.

"Alright, give it a shot."

"Ok, here's the lowest setting."

Mali jolted, surprised by the feeling of movement touching her when she could see nothing. It was a pleasant, sensual feeling that she could tolerate, but immediately knew that this wouldn't be enough for Yuta's own satisfaction. She dreaded the worst.

...The time came and the couple found themself in a booth in the diner. They both sat on the booth end of the table, while the other side had chairs and a walkway where waiters hurried around to every table periodically. To Mali, the situation was practically dire immediately. Her intuition was correct, and her bladder began feeling a push. Not only this, but ever since she stepped out of the house, her lack of undergarments weighed heavily on her mind. Her dress extended past her knees, so it wasn't painfully obvious to outsiders, but being new to what was essentially an exhibitionist circumstance, she felt like all that separated her from safety and a life of embarrassment was a nonchalant gust of wind. So she sat there, her leg bouncing out of nervousness, as they waited for their food to arrive.

It eventually showed after what felt like forever. Mali's hands were solidly planted on her legs, leaning forward and slightly opening her legs to give her bladder breathing room. They began eating, and thankfully, the food was able to take her mind off her pressing matters a little bit. As she was distracted, Yuta reached into his back pocket and clicked the power button on his remote. Mali jolted and clenched her legs together-

*psst*

She froze. Every instinct in her told her that because she had no panties, she peed in front of her on the ground. But she knew it couldn't have been, scary as it was. The vibrator was on its lowest, humming setting, and a small damp spot formed under her dress. She felt like running to the restroom was the best thing she could do right now, but the rush of adrenaline kept her from acting. She had experienced nothing like it before, even while doing omo activities. She kept her guard up now, prepared for anything as the time passing and the slow vibration slowly ate away at her endurance.

After they finished, Yuta stood up. "I'm heading to the restroom."

Mali was confused. "What? Why?" She then thought about the strangeness of her question in a public setting. "why?! isn't that cheating?!" she hushed.

"Don't worry, I'm not actually gonna go. It'll only last 2 seconds," he let her know.

2 seconds? Maybe he's washing his hands? she pondered.

He left her line of side as he turned the corner for the men's room. Not 2 seconds after, Mali gasped and felt a shock through her whole lower torso as the vibrator jumped to a high setting instantly.

*leak leak leak-*

No.....stop!!! She caved inward, hiding her face and closing her legs together, all while trembling.

*leak leak dribble dribble*

In 2 seconds, it came and went, and the vibrator turned back off. Mali took deep breaths in, amazed, embarrassed, and worried all at once. Did she gasp too loud? How bad was the damage? Is it visible?

Yuta came back to the table, and seeing that she was curled over, asked how she was doing.

"Bad. Bad. Very bad, very good..." she got out under muffled breaths.

While the two waited for the check, Mali never moved from that state she was in. Their waiter asked if she was feeling ok, to which Yuta responded that she was just feeling tired, all while she could do nothing but sit patiently in her own "excitement".

After some time it was time they left for the bar. Yuta stood first, and got over to Mali's side to help her up.

"You'll have to cover up once you stand."

She raised her eyes for the first time, slowly stood up, and looked back. In the old fake-leather seat of the booth were her printed legs, a thin, glistening coating, and a small but noticeable puddle the size of a large coin in the center. Mali quickly turned away, flushed, hiding her backside with her large straw hat. She felt a few drops slide down the back of her legs. Unable to do anything, they stumbled out without saying another word to anyone.

The slightly cooler outside air gave Mali chills as her wet parts grew colder in no time. As she stumbled her way down the city sidewalk, Yuta turned it back onto its lowest setting.

*drip*

"I can't do this anymore....please let me go."

"One more block. There's an alley that no one goes into. We'll go there."

She never stopped a steady drip slowly seeping out the top of her urethra. No trail was left, but rolling down her legs were these drops that filtered into her slip-on's.

Once in the alley, which wasn't more than a wingspan wide, they crept in as far as they could go.

"Wait until the coast is clear." Yuta demanded. There was another person walking down the end of the opposite end. They were clearly out of ear's reach.

*pssssssssss-*

Mali squeezed her thighs together. Pee streamed down the back side of her legs and the back edge of her dress. Her face held no expression.

"All set."

She squatted and dropped the straw hat.

*SHHHHHHHHHH-*

She gushed a river. Meanwhile -

*Bzzzt. Pssssss*

He relieved himself on the same wall. The resulting puddle spread all along the side of the alley, as they spent nearly 1 minute emptying their weakened bladders. In fact, the added stimulation of the vibrator and the exposure of the whole situation caused Mali to climax. Both the front and backside of Mali's dress had spots. Her shoes were damp, and she was winded.

After calming down, Yuta shut it off once again, and handed her her jeans, blouse, panties, and a pair of walking shoes. He was holding on to them in his bag in case something like this happened.

"You're gonna want to change. You can't have that going on streets again, and you really don't want anyone to recognize you from the restaurant."

Although her heartrate had dropped, it never settled at resting. She indulged in the manic feeling she got changing, soaked, nude, exposed to the elements in a foreign location. She felt like she was going crazy.

They make it to the bar just in time to see the band members get on stage to do their sound check. Mali and Yuta order drinks, and proceed to have themselves a good time. People laughed, fans cheered, the bass plucked, and Mali's bladder tingled again.

Yuta added the diuretic to her drink, and she was ok with it. She was having so much fun that she didn't hesitate in accepting it.

...Some time passes and after only two mixed drinks, Mali is incapable of standing still. The band was still playing, but she was well aware of how fast this would sneak up on her. She tugged on Yuta's sleeve and he got the message right away. They set off for the final leg home.

It was nearly dark out, and the way home was one continuous sidewalk until they reached their neighborhood. Throughout the walk, there would be brief areas of dense forest on either side, which she could use as a final resort.

Only 5 minutes in, and Mali had to occasionally pause to fend off a desperation wave.

"I thought you said this was 'decent', not 'the strongest diuretic money could buy!'" she protested.

"Do you really want to complain when I'm the one in power?" he turns on the vibrator to medium power.

*clench*

"I-I'm sorry." she groans.

...10 minutes in -

*spurt, spurt*

"HHnnnggh~..." Her knees meet, feet spread and hands tuck strongly into her groin.

"You can go anywhere in the woods here if you can't make it."

"No....I'll do it, at home, no matter what..." She says this, knowing she's lying to herself. She was enjoying it even in discomfort, and wanted to push herself unrealistically for the sake of fun.

....at 17 minutes -

*dribble dribble*

Having been teased into oblivion, Mali gives in.

"I think this is it, I can't go any more, is the area clea-"

"Yuta! Is that you?!" says a woman crossing around a small neighborhood corner.

Both look wide-eyed over at her, and Yuta recognizes her as a manager of one of his former jobs in high school.

"Hi...Mrs. Loria...!"

Mali freezes.

"How're you doing, how's life going?"

*dribble leak leak*

Mali had mentally prepared that she would relieve herself, and her bladder was already as weak as it was. There was no way to stop what was about to happen. Regret filled her mind and she immediately sobered up mentally. Why didn't I go before?!?!? What an idiot! Moron! FUCK whatdoIdonow??? She toned out their conversation immediately.

She looked down, and saw black jeans against a dark environment around her. She also saw grass next to the side walk.

From a hunched over position, she tried to make herself look acting normal, and uncurled her body over the grass -

*fffFRRRMMMM*

She was doing it. She was wetting herself in only a few feet/a meter away from a complete stranger. Her black jeans absorbed her stream with ease, and prevented it from gushing out at any point. Her whole underside glistened as a notable stream flowed down her backside, into her shoes, and subtly into the ground.

"Hey, shh. Quiet. Do you hear that?"

"No, no I don't Mrs." Yuta replies.

"It sounds like water running through a pipe."

"I really don't hear it myself. It must be something you're good at!"

"Oh you don't say!" She laughs.

Mali's adrenaline kicks up a notch, and intently stares at the ground to avoid eye contact, or any contact for that matter.

I'm pissing myself so hard and she has no idea oh my god I can't believe I'm getting away with this right now I can't control it at all no matter how much I tense it just keeps coming oh my god this can't be real

"Well it was great catching up with you dearie!"

"You too Mrs. Loria! I'll see you around!"

"Bye now!"

"Goodbye!"

She turns and walks the other way. Yuta looks back over at Mali. The ground at her feet is covered with half an inch/1.25 cm of a puddle, and golden liquid still flowing down her legs, overflowing her shoes, even though she stopped peeing. The vibrator still is at medium within her.

"Oh god, I forgot to turn that off. Seriously, I'm so sorry," he apologizes as he shuts it off.

Mali falls to her knees, chuckling "holy shit" to herself repeatedly, a crazed look on her face.

"Do you understand the insanity of the roller coaster of emotions I just went on? Wait, don't answer that. You don't. Hahahahaha!! Let's go. Home. Now...........and turn that back on."

The End: They had a very wet, very restless night around their house that night. And Yuta was aptly punished.

_____

Thank you for reading! I usually title these stories "Short Stories" but I think I accidentally exceeded that requirement by a lot, lol. Big thanks to @orangelion and @alferio for contributing ideas that led to the final product of this story! If you'd like to see Mali and Yuta in other omo situations, check out my previous works, or leave an idea of your own and it may develop into it's own story!

Thank you again and hope you enjoyed!

