Balancing the Budget (Special Sneak Preview)

Author: Ordinaryalien

*000*2025-01-04 09:04

When himbo football player, Brent answered an ad on a local queer housing page for a spare bed in a student apartment owned by grubby reclusive trans nerd, Dex, he didn’t expect much. Certainly the sadistic fire lurking just behind his roommate’s icy façade that would flash through his eyes when he saw Brent have a desperate accident after practice one day, or how he might casually point out their shared frustration and suggest that they solve their little problems together.

And especially not that he would say yes. That this little demon would come to own his bladder and his cock, but most dangerously of all, his heart. Dex is a gamer, but what will he do when he wins more than he is prepared to? Enjoy this special preview of my first ever novella, “Balancing the Budget,” coming soon to the Kindle store! This novella contains omorashi, orgasm denial, teasing, edging, CBT, BDSM miscommunications, and of course that good, good messy gay shit, and was generously commissioned by @growtotheedge.bsky.social.

“Welcome back, Muscles.” Dex barely looks up from his Switch. The fingers of his right hand dance over the controls, while his left rests between his head and the poorly–painted white wall behind him. “How was practice?”

“You know I hate it when you call me that,” Muscles, (whose real name is Brent)’s cheeks turn bright red.

“Do you really hate it, or do you hate how much it turns you on when I call you whatever the hell I want?” Dex’s tone remains matter-of-fact. He’s always had this way of pushing all the Brent’s buttons and getting him all worked up while remaining seemingly unaffected himself. Just one of the many things Brent has wanted to hate about him since they met that somehow only makes him want him more. He’d spent months hanging on for glimpses of the fire he knew was hiding just below that icy exterior, but even after all this time, he’d still only ever caught stray sparks.

“I… I…” Brent’s chiseled cheeks turn even redder than they were before.

“That’s what I thought.” Dex smirks as his game system makes a satisfying trill that seems to indicate some sort of power-up or maybe a minor victory or something. Brent wasn’t sure. He’d been trying to get into video games since he and Dex began their little arrangement, but he hadn’t really gotten the hang of them. “So, practice was good?”

“Yeah, Coach worked us really hard since we’ve got the big homecoming game coming up next week.” Brent squeezes his thighs together quickly. “Had to drink lots of water to stay hydrated.” He sneaks a sly glance in Dex’s direction searching for some sign of a reaction. It’s quick, but he can’t help but notice the much smaller man’s nostrils flare quickly, his eyebrows just barely beginning to arch. It’s not much, but it’s gratifying. Brent wants to take more time to bask in this small victory, but the urgent throb at the tip of his dick, which he gives a tight squeeze to hold back the hot dribble of piss trying to work its way out demands immediate attention.

If he didn’t have Dex’s interest before, he certainly does now. The scruffy young man’s crooked teeth flash a wicked grin, his eyes unashamedly staring directly at Brent’s veiny hands clutched around the front of his tight uniform pants. Brent hears another videogame noise that he’s pretty sure is the sound of a game being lost because his nerdy little dom just got a little too interested in his plight. “Is that so?” Dex raises an eyebrow, trying to feign nonchalance.

“Yeah,” Brent makes direct eye contact with his dom. “And since this will be my first piss of the day outside of when I first woke up, I’ve really got to go!” He makes his way to the door of their shared bathroom and goes to turn the knob. “You know, you could watch if you want to. I mean, finals are over, and we’ve got the evening… I know it turns you on. Watching me… you know… Maybe we could…?” He begins. The door handle doesn’t budge.

“That’s a kind offer,” Dex smirks, finally sitting up in bed and facing his squirming sub. “But I’ve got something else in mind, today.”

“Hey!” Brent protests, dancing around in place and grabbing his now-furiously complaining cock. “I’m supposed to get one free full relief in the toilet after practice before we start with the diaper stuff. What’s the big idea?”

Dex laughs. “What? You mean, you don’t remember? But you’re the one who agreed to it.” He pulls out a flash card with some random bio notes scribbled on one side— No doubt written during one of their recent all-night cram sessions that all seemed to kind of blur together after a while. On the other side, the letters I.O.U are written in clumsy sleep-deprived marker-scrawl. Brent’s stomach sinks, and his bladder floats as he recognizes in his own handwriting the words, “twelve hours of no toilet access.” No… He can just barely remember agreeing to that, but Dex can’t possibly expect him to actually do it. The three trips to the toilet he is allowed on practice days, (two every other day,) are the only thing that make The Budget remotely manageable.

The Budget. The key tenant of their dynamic, and their unlikely… pairing, arrangement, mutual ill-advised horniness… Whatever you wanted to call it. When they first met, it had been through an ad Dex put out for a spare bed in his bachelor apartment half a mile off campus on a local queer housing page. Dex was a trans guy already working on his Master’s, double-majoring in something sciencey. Physics and bio-something-or-other. Every time he tried to ask, Brent’s eyes glazed over about ten seconds into the answer.

Brent hadn’t really thought they’d spend much time together. After all, he was just here on a football scholarship, barely skating by in his kinesthesiology program which he only took because it was supposed to be easy and the jobs you could get with it were more physical, less sitting at a computer all day. He had been cool in high school, and had somehow managed to be one of those rare guys who became even cooler in college. He got invited to parties every weekend and half of the girls he knew had tried to hook up with him at least once, (though being gay, he of course would always politely decline.)

Meanwhile, Dex was the kind of guy where if you looked up “nerd” in the dictionary you’d find a picture of him and those stupid adorable thick black framed glasses of his, and then you would flip to the front of said dictionary and realized he’d written the whole thing himself complete with citations.

He was a year younger than Brent, but skipped like a kajillion grades when he was a kid, which is why he was already well into his Master’s while Brent was still struggling through his senior year of undergrad. He also like never left the apartment except to go to class, and even then, he seemed to avoid it when he could help it, preferring to order everything in and teach himself his lecture material at home from the slides. They were nothing alike. In fact, Brent hadn’t even wanted to take the room at first. Dex barely spoke to him when he came over to look at the place, and showed up in an oversized Hatsune Miku shirt, (well, Brent hadn’t known who was on the shirt, but Dex had finally opened up just long enough to lecture him for a solid minute when he referred to her as Sailor Moon.)

On the whole, Brent’s first impression of Dex was that he was an unsociable weeb, who was more than a bit offputting. Yet, almost immediately, there was something about him. Something about the way he acted like he didn’t care about anything, even though Brent could tell that wasn’t true, the way he commanded their shared room like he was a prince making orders of the servants of his castle. The way those goofy anime shirts he almost never changed out of smelled of him when he finally shed them to the ground, and then there was the first bathroom incident.

It hadn’t been on purpose, of course. As much of a prick as Dex could be sometimes, he never did anything without consent. It had been a practice day like today, except way, way hotter. Brent had refilled his half-liter water bottle three, maybe four times. He couldn’t remember anymore. What he did remember— distinctly — were the locker rooms being closed after. For maintenance, apparently. And the mad dash home during which he bit down on the inside of his cheek so hard he nearly drew blood to keep from either holding his geyser-waiting-to-happen of a crotch for dear life like a rogue firehose, or just giving in to the overwhelming pressure beating at the edge of his pee hole like he owed it money. Maybe he could do it in an alleyway somewhere, or even in those white fitted uniform pants that seemed to be specifically designed to put such a shameful, childish act on embarrassing display?

Out of the question, naturally, no matter how much his body begged him to consider it. Brent cared way too much about the reputation he had worked for years to build to become “that weirdo who pissed his pants in the quad,” for the rest of his senior year. He could barely remember how on earth he managed to drag his bloated, heavy bladder home with him with only the faintest hint of moisture that might have been sweat, (but very well might not have been,) all the way across campus, and up the two flights of stairs to his and Dex’s shared apartment. 

He did however have vivid memory of dancing the most humiliating jig of his life while struggling to locate his keys and then struggling to hold his hand steady enough to finesse the notoriously sticky lock into granting him entry to his salvation… Or so he thought. After all that, when he entered the dank apartment, the first spurt of pent-up urine embarrassingly shooting out ahead of him to herald his entry, he found not the relief he had been desperately craving, but a locked door.

“Dex! Let me in…” He had whined to no response. He knocked and pounded on the door, clutching his dick which had transitioned from leaking occasional spurts to one long, torturous continuous stream of individual drops forcing their way out one by one past what under any other circumstances would be ironclad defences.

By the time Dex finally emerged with his oversized taped-up headphones over his ears, laptop in hand, apparently having brought one of his games in with him and gotten absorbed in a match or several, he was treated to the sight of his tall, athletic Adonis of a roommate collapsed pathetically on the floor in front of the bathroom door, gripping the growing dark patch at the front of his pants for dear life while any shred of dignity he might have retained was sapped away by the soft whimper involuntarily escaping from somewhere in the back of his throat and the loud hissing that was still going as the puddle he sat in turned into a lake before Dex’s greedy eyes.

Dex knew he should look away. It was the right thing to do. Of course, he felt guilty putting his new roommate in that position– he wasn’t a monster, after all! And yet… Here, on the floor at his feet was every delicious fantasy he’d read about and seen in like a million videos on several questionable sites. And it wasn’t like he hadn’t noticed that Brent was hot or something. He had eyes! But he tried his best to ignore it. After all, guys— much less ones like Brent – didn’t go for guys like him. No point in deluding himself and making things weird. He’d made that mistake one too many times before, but would it really be so awful to look for just one teeny little second before apologizing and helping his roommate clean up? His eyes drifted almost despite him. Just one quick curious glance, nothing more, he promised himself. Besides, how could he help clean up without seeing the mess?

One quick second turned to three, turned to four, turned to five. His entire face went beet-red, his heart pounded in his chest, and it felt like time stopped entirely as his lower regions grew warm and slick between his legs, his t-dick hard and pulsating furiously. For once, Dex was grateful not to have much going on in the downstairs region. At least Brent wouldn’t be able to see how turned on he was right now. Brent, on the other hand was less fortunate. Even through his uniform pants, Dex could clearly make out the print of Brent’s personal water feature turning rock-hard under his gaze, bringing his much-needed relief to an agonizing slow.

Brent never thought he was into this kind of stuff. He’d always been pretty vanilla, but as he looked up into his roommate’s eyes, hungry and appraising in the face of his utter torment and humiliation, and as Dex looked at Brent turning into not only a leaky mess, but a horny, needy one at that from just one look, the two men shared a single thought. “This is the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”

To be continued...

