Valerie 20 - Léa in London

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-10-09 09:47

It was a lazy Sunday morning in Valerie's Docklands flat.

Some hours ago Valerie had woken me up by sensually caressing me under the duvet. Once she was certain she had my undivided attention she had straddled me and lowered herself on to my rigid cock. There are worse ways to start the day.

After I had brought her to a shuddering climax she leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. "You'd better hurry up and finish down there - I'm bursting for a wee!"

"Then am I entirely safe with you on top of me?" I enquired.

Still mounted on me, Valerie sat upright, arching her back and running her fingers through her hair as she considered the question.

"Who can say?" she replied with an air of unconcern. "But if not..." she giggled..."you'll be the first to know!"

I exploded inside her.

Still giggling, she rolled off me and dashed into the en suite. I heard a stream of pee patter into the shower tray, followed by the sound of running water. I flung back the duvet and followed her into the shower.

###

Valerie had finished her brunch - two large glasses of orange juice, bacon and eggs and plenty of hot black coffee - some time ago and was now sitting at the kitchen table reading the Sunday Times on her iPad, one long and flawlessly-shaped leg crossed over the other. Her dressing gown was open at the front, revealing that the only other thing she was wearing was a pair of dark blue cotton hipster briefs. Absent-mindedly she had slipped a hand between her legs and was jigging her free foot as she read.

The house phone rang. I walked over to the wall-mounted receiver and answered it. It was Angela wanting to talk to her daughter urgently. Valerie stood up and padded barefoot over to the phone.

Angela talked for some time. Valerie's brow furrowed. It was clearly something important and not good news.

"Oh...I'm sorry to hear that....yes, of course....he has been frail for some time..."

She turned to me and gestured for something to write on.

"Yes of course she can, Mummy....No, no problem at all.....yes that's fine."

Valerie was jigging up and down restlessly but obviously did not want to terminate the conversation.

OK, just a minute....Air France 1780...arriving at 1345....Terminal 4...got it."

She crossed her legs.

"That's OK. I'm sure Tom will...."

Her dressing gown was open at the front and I could see the fabric of her briefs start to dampen between her legs.

"No, it really is no trouble....it will be nice to see her again...."

The damp patch gradually increased in size as Valerie slowly and involuntarily leaked into her knickers. A stray droplet tracked its way down the inside of her left thigh. She rammed her free hand between her legs and held herself tight. Still the conversation went on.

"Yes I will...does she know?..."

Two or three rivulets of pee were escaping past her clenched hand, snaking down her legs and beginning to pool on the floor around her feet.

"Yes of course...I'm sure she is...."

I fetched a towel, walked over to Valerie and held it between her legs through her open dressing gown. She flashed me a smile of thanks and let go. The towel grew heavier and I felt warm moisture against my hand. With a final couple of squirts, Valerie finished peeing through her knickers into the towel.

"No, that's fine. Leave it with us."

I opened the door of the washing machine and lobbed in the saturated towel. Valerie continued to talk on the phone, her soaked knickers still dripping on to the floor.

"Yes, yes, you'd better get going.....Do let us know how things are when you get there.....Love to Daddy!" She put the phone down.

###

When she had changed into a clean pair of cotton hipster briefs - pink this time - and added her wet knickers to the pee-drenched towel in the washing machine, together with another towel she had used to mop up the kitchen floor, Valerie sat down and poured herself a fresh cup of coffee..

"Grandad - Daddy's father - is in a nursing home in Gloucestershire. He's been very frail for some time and the home phoned this morning to say that he's taken a turn for the worse and that they think Daddy should get down there as soon as he can.

"Anyway Léa - remember her? - is apparently genius-level at maths and her Lycée has organised for her to attend a three-day seminar on maths in code-breaking here in London. It's quite a compliment for her to be invited as she's much younger than the other delegates.

"Léa has never travelled abroad on her own so her mother had asked Mummy to pick her up from the airport and look after her whilst she is in London. They were supposed to be seeing the sights tomorrow and then she has the seminar on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. But now Mummy and Daddy have had to drop everything and drive to Gloucestershire so she's asked me if we can look after Léa instead. It's lucky that I don't start my new job until next week!

"I'll organise the spare bedroom for her and give Emily a call as we're due there for dinner tonight. Would you be a sweetheart and meet Léa at the airport for me? Unfortunately she's coming in to Heathrow, not City, so you'll need to leave soon. Do you mind?"

###

Valerie had texted Léa before she left Paris so she knew I would be meeting her but as I stood in Heathrow's Terminal 4 arrivals hall waiting for her to appear I was not at all sure how she would be feeling about it. On the only occasion we had met before, when she had spent the day with us at the villa in Tuscany, she had been too shy of me and the other boys to admit that she needed to pee and had ended up wetting herself [Valerie 18].

An only child that her mother had kept rather sheltered, Léa seemed to me to be rather young for her age - she must be at least sixteen, maybe seventeen - naive and somewhat vulnerable. Was, her unworldliness an aspect of her mathematical genius or the result of over-protective parenting? I also knew that such fragile self-confidence as she possessed had taken a severe blow recently when her father and mother separated acrimoniously.

Léa walked through from the customs hall and looked around uncertainly until she saw me. Petite, slightly underweight, with an elfin face and large, brown eyes, her plain haircut, her short but shapeless shift dress and her 'sensible' shoes did nothing for her. She gave me a limp, damp handshake and I took her bag.

"Pleasant flight?" I asked as we descended the escalators to the Heathrow Express platforms.

"I don't really like flying" she said hesitantly. "It feels - claustrophobic - is that a word in English? And why do they have to lean over so much when they are turning?"

"Something to do with balancing forces" I replied. "You could ask Jack tonight - he's an airline pilot so he can explain it when we go to Emily's flat for dinner tonight. Just change the subject if he starts writing formulae!"

We had just missed a train so we had a fifteen minute wait for the next one to leave. As we were waiting I explained to Léa that Heathrow is London's main airport but it is some distance to the west of London whereas our flat in Docklands is on the eastern side of the city. A new direct rail link is being built but until it opens the journey across London is slow and tedious. And, to complicate things further, the Jubilee tube line that serves Docklands was closed that day for weekend engineering work.

Léa had seemed tense whilst we were underground but as soon as the train burst out of the airport tunnel into the afternoon sunshine and swept over the flyover on to the main line towards Paddington she relaxed visibly. But when we left Paddington's vast, echoing arched roof for the warren of underground walkways that led to the Bakerloo line platforms her tension returned.

The crowds on the escalator, the screech of wheel flanges on rails, the warm, dusty air all seemed to spook Léa. A train was just leaving as we walked on to the platform so I led her to the far end where I knew the trains would be less crowded. Almost immediately the next train swept round the bend and into the platform and I was glad to see that the last car was almost empty. We sat opposite each other on facing seats and I kept up a line of idle chatter to distract her from her apparent anxiety.

Edgware Road, Marylebone, Baker Street - our rapid progress through the station stops seemed to give Léa a little reassurance. But after we left the brightly lit station at Regents Park and plunged once again into the dark, narrow, tube tunnel the train slowed and stopped. Beneath the floor a brake air compressor cut in briefly - then silence.

Léa was breathing rapidly, she crossed her legs tightly and her fingers pawed at the fabric of her seat - she was close to panic.

I crossed over and sat next to her, putting my arm round her shoulders. She was sweating and shaking with fear and her eyes were those of a hunted animal. "Its OK Léa" I murmured. "Its probably just a red signal. We're right behind that other train, I expect we're waiting for it to leave the next station." Sure enough, a few seconds later the brakes released with a sigh and our train ran forward into the platform.

We changed lines at Oxford Circus, walking through narrow underground passageways and stairs crowded with shoppers, then as we walked on to the Central Line platform a train suddenly erupted from the tunnel right beside us. Startled, Léa jumped with fright, then froze, her legs crossed tight. The train whined to a halt and flung its doors open.

For a moment I thought Léa might refuse to board the train. I put a reassuring arm round her shoulder and guided her on. "Not too far now" I reassured her. There were seats to be had but she perched herself by the door at one end of the car. Tottenham Court Road, Holborn, Chancery Lane, St Pauls, Bank. Mercifully there were no tunnel stops this time and I was soon leading her through another maze of underground walkways and plunging even deeper downwards to the Docklands Light Railway platforms at Bank station.

A train was waiting, almost empty, with its doors open. We boarded but Léa did not seem to want to sit down. "Léa, love, what's the matter?" I asked gently. She made no reply. "Do you need the loo?" She nodded. "Have you wet yourself?" Another nod. She wiped away a tear. "Anything worse?" She shook her head emphatically.

"Well, that's not too bad then" I said brightly. "Do you still need to go?" She nodded vehemently and wiped away another tear with the back of her hand. At that moment the doors closed and the train moved off, climbing the steep incline and emerging into sunlight.

"Its only about ten minutes to our stop and as far as I know there aren't any loos at the stations" I said. "I think you will find it easier to wait if you sit down. We chose a pair of facing seats and Léa perched on the edge of hers, raising her dress clear at the back as she sat down and briefly revealing her plain white knickers with a damp stain between the legs.

Shadwell, Limehouse, Westferry, Léa was shifting in her seat with discomfort, crossing and re-crossing her legs. I kept up a one-sided conversation on the history of London's Docklands to try to distract her but I doubt she took in a single word of it. As the train took the flyover at West India Docks she stood up. I thought she was about to pee on the floor but she walked up and down uneasily for a few minutes before sitting down again. We emerged from under the skyscrapers of Canary Wharf and trundled over the bridge to Heron Quays. "This is our stop" I said. "Just a short walk to the flat."

Léa hurried ahead of me down the escalator from the platforms and out into the warmth of a fine autumn afternoon. The office blocks were deserted and very few people were around on this Sunday afternoon. We took one of the walkways beside the water.

Suddenly Léa stopped walking, put her face in her hands and started to cry as pee flowed down her legs and into her shoes whilst other streams fell from beneath her dress and splashed on to the paving stones. I put an arm round her little shoulders and kissed her lightly on the top of her head as she continued to wet herself helplessly where she stood. "Its OK, love, there's nobody watching. Anyway, I bet that feels a whole lot better!" She smiled shyly up at me through her tears.

###

That night, after making love, Valerie and I lay in bed quietly discussing Léa.

She had dissolved in tears on Valerie's shoulder as soon as we arrived at the flat. Valerie had taken her to her room, soothing her and helping her to deal with her soaked knickers, socks and shoes.

Léa had emerged an hour later, freshly showered and having borrowed some of Valerie's makeup to mitigate the effects of her earlier crying. Over pre-dinner drinks at Emily and Jack's flat, Emily had skilfully encouraged Léa to tell us about the seminar she would be attending and Léa, sipping an Orangina, had talked with enthusiasm about the uses of mathematics in code-breaking.

Dinner had gone well - Léa had even been confident enough to ask Emily if she could use the loo - and now Léa had wished us goodnight and gone to her room.

"I've told her there is a mattress protector on her bed and I've put a spare sheet in her room so she's not to worry if she wets the bed" said Valerie.

"But my real concern is how vulnerable she is at the moment. She'll be going to university next year where she'll find boys taking an interest in her and her in them. One of them could so easily break her heart whilst she's like this. The underlying problem is her lack of self-confidence and I'm going to do something about that."

"What do you have in mind?" I asked.

"You'll see!" Valerie replied enigmatically.

###

The next evening I returned from work to find Valerie and Léa sitting on the balcony enjoying the evening sunshine, Valerie with a glass of chilled white wine, Léa with an Orangina.

Léa was transformed.

Her hair had been expertly cut in a gamine style that complemented her pixie face, its natural mousey-brown colour enhanced with subtle highlights. She was wearing make-up that emphasised her Audrey Hepburn eyes, applied with such skill and delicacy that it did not detract at all from her youthful freshness. She was wearing lipstick of a natural shade , her eyebrows had been lightly plucked and shaped and her nails manicured to perfection.

She was wearing a plain, peach-coloured knee-length dress with a large belt that drew attention to her slim waist. Its understated elegance spoke of expert tailoring and it swayed seductively as she rose gracefully from her seat and walked across to greet me.

She was beautiful and she knew it.

Confidently, she took both of my hands in hers and said "Tom, I want to thank you properly for being so kind yesterday. I really do appreciate the way you looked after me." She stood on tiptoe and kissed me lightly on the cheek.

