Valerie 2: Storm

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-02-24 09:35

STORM

The day dawned hot, still and humid. As soon as the sun rose cumulus clouds started to form above the Tuscan countryside. By lunchtime they had risen miles-high, snow white and billowing above, dark, threatening grey below. Valerie and I were staying with her mother, Angela, and her younger sisters Emily, 20 and Amanda, 18 at their family's villa.

The risk of a sudden downpour looked too great to take lunch outside under the pergola as we usually did so we carried it, together with several bottles of water, out to the table in the old wrought iron open-sided gazebo hidden among the terraces that surrounded the villa. Angela was keen to ensure that everybody stayed hydrated in the sultry heat and the water bottles circulated freely.

An hour or so later, as the leisurely meal drew to a close, the sun disappeared, thunder rolled in the distance and fat raindrops began to fall on the glass and iron of the roof.

"Oh well, the garden needs some rain." Angela commented. "And the pool terrace could do with a wash, the way you girls carry on."

"Oh come on, Mummy!" protested Valerie. "You do not always bother to walk up to the house when you need a wee!" Her mother blushed and mumbled something about it being a long way.

The rain intensified, the sound of thunder drew nearer and the clouds were illuminated from within by flashes of sheet lightning.

"Are we safe staying in here?" asked Emily in a frightened voice. I hate lightning and thunder!

"I think we are in the best possible place" I assured her. "This gazebo makes a perfect Faraday cage"

"Whatever that is" said Amanda.

In my most pompous 'mansplaining' manner I explained that a Faraday cage is a metal structure that protects things inside it from electromagnetic radiation, including protecting people from lightning strikes.

As the rain drummed on the glass roof, interspersed with flashes of lightning and rumbles of thunder, it looked as though we were going to be stuck there for some time.

Some time later, conversation stopped and heads turned to see where the splashing sound inside the gazebo was coming from.

Amanda was wetting herself. She had been rather quiet, sitting at the table in her pink crop shirt, small grey running shorts and white Nike sneakers, idly picking at a small bunch of grapes. Now a puddle was spreading out across her seat, darkening her shorts and falling steadily in rivulets on to the stone floor.

Amanda looked round at us. "I needed a wee, okay?" With apparent nonchalance she picked up another juicy purple grape and bit it in half with her perfect teeth.

Normally, one of Amanda's insouciant displays would have had me struggling to conceal my interest but after Valerie had wet her knickers whilst sitting on my lap yesterday evening she had treated me to such a night of erotic carnality that I was entirely spent - for now, at least.

The rain seemed to be easing off and Emily stood up and walked over to the edge of the gazebo, looking at the path back to the villa. She seemed to be making her mind up whether to make a dash for the house. Suddenly lightning forked down and, with a hammer-blow of sound, a dazzling return stroke from fifty yards away lit up the interior of the gazebo and the tableau of seated and standing figures.

With a startled scream Emily sprang back, clamped a hand into the darkening crotch of her sawn-off denim shorts and pressed her legs tightly together. Shaking with fear and shock, she began to sob.

Angela hurried over and put her arm around her daughter. "Don't cry, my darling, its okay, you're safe in here. And don't try to hold it in, it is not good for you. Just wee in your shorts if you need to." Emily looked doubtfully at me.

"Don't mind Tom", said Valerie. "He is used to it after going out with me for two years."

"Look, if it is any comfort, I need to go too" said Angela. She stepped aside, a stream appeared beneath her dress and the old stone paving received a second libation.

Seeing her mother deliberately peeing on the floor, Emily tentatively removed her hand and straightened up, still shaking. She made no attempt to spread her legs as she drenched her knickers and shorts, pee cascading from the openings, streaming down her legs and over her canvas deck shoes to puddle at her feet. She stood there for some time, her darkened shorts dripping, recovering from the shock and letting her body relax.

The light outside began to strengthen, the rain eased and the sound of thunder receded into the distance.

I was starting to feel the pressure of the water I had consumed, the more so as the storm had cooled the air and reduced the humidity. "Excuse me" I said and walked to the edge of the gazebo. With my back to the others I unzipped my shorts, aimed out of the gazebo and let go, sending an arc of pee into the shrubbery.

"That's cheating!" exclaimed Amanda with a petulant pout. "Just because you are a boy you think you are so clever. Oh well, that just leave you, Val. Or have you already wet yourself secretly over there?"

By way of reply, Valerie stood up and stepped away from the table. She lifted her sundress over her head, folded it and placed it carefully on the back of her seat. Her lithe, tanned body showed up to advantage against the only other thing she wore - a pair of pristine, and entirely dry, white hipster briefs

"I win!" she said, to laughter that helped to dispel the the shadow cast by Emily's earlier distress.

She walked to the edge of the gazebo and I followed her elegantly swaying bottom with appreciation. The rain had stopped and, although there was an anvil-shaped cloud in the distance, warm sunlight was now sparkling on the droplets of water that clung to the flowers and shrubs outside. Slowly and deliberately she kicked off her sandals, took a step outside, turned and bowed to the assembled company, carefully placed her legs wide apart and wet her knickers.

*003*2018-02-25 11:38

{{10 hours ago, lhansen said:

Nice, very nice. What a sexy family and can't help how casual they are when wetting themselves. They don't seem to be in much of a hurry to run off and change their wet clothing. Do they continue to wear their peed panties and shorts until they dry? Drying wet patches are so sexy.

Angela really is my kind of MILF. Does Tom ever find her wet panties lying about? So hot thinking of her wet panties soaking her puss under her dress.

Thanks again for a great story.

}}

Thank you for the kind remarks - I am glad you are enjoying the stories.

In the current storyline, Angela is only a background figure but your interest in her as a character and Mikey Mike's previous curiosity as to how "allowed wetting" came about in her family has sparked some ideas for a future piece specifically about her.

More anon on that.

