Short Story - Fast Paced Pee Day

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2024-01-10 12:01

My 11th writing, this time around, the featured couple have a day to themselves, and some incidents involving rapid desperation are bound to happen. This does contain a small bit of sexual content, so if that's a problem, you have been warned!

Enjoy!

###

Mali [F] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

Yuta [M] - 21+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; loves to help in decision-making.

###

On this rainy autumn day, the omo-enthralled couple find they have some time to kill, with next to nothing on their to-do lists, other than a theatre movie they're planning on seeing that afternoon. They were just waking up. The only noise was the rain pattering on their rooftop and outside in their yard next to the bedroom. All else was quiet...

...It was like routine -

"You wanna do some rapid desperation?" he asks.

"Sure. Me and you? Or just me?"

"Just you...?"

"Hmm...sure." she responds.

And just like that it was settled, with no second thoughts.

Mali started her day at 9:30 AM with a mug of coffee, black. She knew caffeine would get things rolling quick. She eagerly awaited its effects while the two checked emails and scrolled in bed. For the majority of the morning, she wears only a t-shirt and panties, while Yuta only wears a wifebeater and briefs.

At 10:30 she was finished with her coffee and breakfast and had a water bottle which she'd use for the rest of the day. Between then and now, she used the bathroom to kick her bladder into working gear. In the next 45 minutes, she'll have to drink 12 oz/350 mL before she heads to the bathroom again to continue ramping up her bladder. In the mean time, they watch some Netflix.

11:15 arrives, Mali uses the restroom and feels a creeping urge afterwards. Her window is now permanently reduced to 30 minutes, but her liquid intake is reduced to 8 oz/235 mL. While watching their show, the two had cuddled up with each other while it continued to pour outside. It was a truly cozy day. One thing led to another, and eventually they found their hands reaching down each other's bodies under the sheets.

"Really, before noon?" Mali retorted.

"Is there something wrong with that? You seem to be doing the same." he replied.

Through 12:15 they indulged themselves with each other's love, but not without Mali losing a little control with some squirts here and there. She saw it as an opportunity to relieve some pressure while still having fun, even though she still got to use her bathroom break at 11:45.

At 12:20, Yuta decided that he would clean up and take a shower. Mali, still recovering from pleasure, didn't think twice about the strings attached to the situation, and by the time Yuta shut the bathroom door, she was left needing to go pretty bad, already semi-wet, completely nude.

"Hey, funny joke you got going here." she panted at the door.

"Could you mind waiting? It should only be 15 minutes."

"Woah, hey there, that's a bit long isn't it?!" Mali feels a shiver run down her bottom half, her legs wobbling as she fears the worst.

"You'll be alright!" he replies as he turns the shower handle. The sound precedes the ambience of shower water hitting the floor layered with the pitter-patter of the rain. Mali squirms even more as she braces to wait out the short span of time, although for her it'll feel like an eternity. "Don't forget to take some more sips while you're at it!"

"Oh screw you!" she responds with clenched teeth.

12:30 comes very slowly as Mali rocks side to side next to the door, her hand tucked firmly around her groin, unbothered by her lack of clothing. She figured that she wouldn't risk getting anything wet this way anyways. It hurt to think about though, as she grew more and more uneasy with each passing minute.

By 12:32, Yuta shuts off the shower and starts drying himself off.

"Could you just let me in now? C'mon man, I'm seriously desperate right now!" she pleads.

"You got it, it's only 3 more minutes."

She settles down to her knees outside trying to compose herself, both hands clutched in her crotch.

...12:33: "Rgh, I'm serious! I'm about to leak...!"

...12:34: As a last cherry-on-top, Yuta puts up the toilet seat and relieves himself right then and there.

The sound pierces Mali's ears, and in a quick instant jitters and clenches up -!

*pshhh* *dribble, drip*

She grimaces as liquid gold seeps through her fingers and onto the cold floor. Her cheeks flush as she trembles, half-angry, half-anxious. The sound dwindles. The toilet flushes.

Finally, at 12:35 the door cracks open and Mali darts ahead. Only she wasn't aiming for the toilet, but the much more readily accessible shower-tub directly in front of her. She turns, and lets her flood out.

*fssSSHHHHHH*

She breathes heavily, glaring at her manipulator with annoyance while she sits on and over the tub's edge.

"See? Wasn't that bad."

"Yeah bitch, and you get to go get a paper towel for that spot I left for you out there!" Mali exclaims.

The remainder of the afternoon went relatively uneventful. Mali showers after the incident and returns to her half-hourly routine. Only once before the movie does Mali have any leakage, which she considers herself very impressive for.

It's around 4:15 that the couple gets ready to head to the theater. Yuta gets dressed in jeans, a sweater and a light coat, while Mali essentially matches his outfit with different designs. She fumbles with her belt, adjusting it so it's just tight enough where it holds things up but doesn't put pressure on her bladder. Before leaving, she makes one more trip to the bathroom, and then they take off at 4:30.

It was a 25 minute drive to the theater, but less than 5 minutes away, Yuta decides to veer into a plaza.

"What are we doing here?"

"Grabbing snacks because the theater ones are expensive."

"Didn't we have snacks at home?!"

"We did." Yuta grins at her as he exits the car.

Moderate pressure built up once again, and Mali was surprised at how daring he was getting for the sake of her challenge. The risk of having leaks or even an accident in public was a huge worry that Mali would really rather want to avoid. She squirmed in the passenger seat, but to her relief, Yuta came back out in only 3 minutes.

They soon arrive and shuffle their way into a (thankfully) small line to check tickets. Afterwards Mali meanders over to the bathroom before they head into their theater. While she was away though, Yuta took the liberty of ordering a duo of gigantic sodas to take in with them.

Mali stared deadpan at him and asked "Weren't you the one complaining about prices?"

"Yes, but I also thought I'd challenge myself alongside you. Think of it as a sort of compensation for earlier."

"Hah! Some compensation alright." she laughed.

"If you agree to finish yours by the end then I'll finish mine and wait until home to piss." he muttered.

"In that case, it's on."

As they walk in, it dawned on Mali for the first time today: they were watching a horror movie. Something she forgot to consider was her feebleness when it comes to horror films. A look of dread slowly morphed onto her face, while Yuta smiled away.

The movie started off tame, enough to where Mali had no issues up to her first hasty bathroom break 30 minutes in. The constant intake of the soda was more than the 8 oz/235 mL amount she'd been taking in prior, so her bladder buildup was about to be accelerated. She had just left the bathroom, and already she felt a trickle within her telling her to turn around.

Around 50 minutes in, a very quiet, tense scene had started up. Mali at this point was squirming involuntarily in her chair, invested with what was on screen. Suddenly, silence...

Then suddenly...

*BANG*

*fmmmmmmmmmmmmm*

Her hands jump to her inner legs, she heavily leans forwards, her expression shocked, her face flushed. Her full-force spasm lasted almost 3 whole seconds, and a large dark area coated the back-underside of her jeans. The seat too was a little damp. After the jump-scare, Yuta was quick to notice, and got a brief crosswind of a bladder urge himself.

"10 more minutes." he whispered. "Unless you don't think you can make it."

Mali tightly pinches her legs together, and still hunched over gives him a silent shake of the head. She carefully stands up and makes her way down the isle, revealing the damage. She only hoped that no one nearby would care to notice in the dark theater. While heading down the hall, she did her best to cover herself with her coat without looking overly suspicious.

5 minutes after, she made her way back, the spot having widened as it soaked in deeper. Soon enough, the movie was reaching its climax, and the intensity was driven up a notch.

*leak* Another one.

*pst* Another one.

*drip* Another one...when will it stop? Mali pleaded. She didn't know who or what she was pleading to, but she hoped it would have mercy. Her jeans re-dampened every other minute at this point for another 10 minutes. The damage itself wasn't increasing very much, but her defenses were surely decreasing.

Finally, the movie reached its resolution, about 30 minutes from the last bathroom break, so Mali took her chance to haul her weakened bladder out of there. Now, Yuta was silently wishing he could too.

By the time she finished, so did the movie. Yuta walks out fidgeting, meeting his GF and indicating his need to get out of there ASAP. Mali smugly grinned. What made things worse was that Yuta had to drive. They get in their car without saying a word and started heading home.

They take the main road, the busy intersection, and manage to make it to a highway. To both of their dismay, there's a decent amount of leftover rush hour traffic built up. Both of them swallow to maintain composure. Yuta knew he hadn't used the bathroom in over 4 hours, and had over a liter of soda stored inside him ready to come out. Mali still was feeling the accelerated filling rate of her bladder, and knew that she only had so much time to make it at home. Both felt their heartrates pick up in pace, their focus limited to the car in front of them and how fast it was going.

Eventually, 5 minutes from home, their both bursting.

*fshhhh*

A 1-second spurt.

"I'm not gonna make it..." Mali whined.

"Shut it. We're both making it." Yuta said affirmatively.

At last, they pull into their neighborhood, down their road, into their driveway.

Yuta shuts the car off and unlocks the doors. He makes his way up a staircase to their front door, Mali carefully taking her time behind him. He makes it to the front door as she reaches the top of the stairs. He unlocks and opens it.

*dribbledribble*

A leak sprung in Mali's jeans. Yuta makes his way down the hall to the bathroom. As Mali takes no more than three steps in, she freezes in place, and leans forward in on herself.

"I'm not making it! Throw me a towel! NOW!!!"

Yuta pans around frantically and finds the nearest one, grabs it, and launches it behind him, hurdling himself in the bathroom and frantically closing the door behind him. The towel slides and lands two steps away from Mali's current spot.

*fffRRRRRSHHHH*

Letting go of her sphincter muscles, she musters up all she has left in her to gravitate towards the towel as pee rushes down her jeans. Once on, she stands there in solidarity as she lets it all go once again. Her dark colored jeans turned a nearly solid black as whisps of the stream sprayed in all directions down. She didn't even get the chance to take off her shoes, which were now also being flooded. A dribble reminiscent of the earlier rain emitted from the towel, droplets here and there splashing off onto the floor.

In the bathroom, Yuta managed to stay dry through the entire ordeal, and proceeded to stay over the toilet for a whole minute.

As everything settled, and both had relieved themselves, Mali had to note, "Usually I'm the one blaming you for something like this, but honestly I don't know if much of it is your fault this time around." she said with a sigh.

###

Thanks for reading! I wanna thank this comment from @orangelion on one of my recent posts as well as the attached artist @schefafterdark as inspiration for many of the events that found their way into this story!

$/91844-short-story-rapid-desperation/

Again, thanks for reading, and feel free to suggest any idea you have of how I could make another story out of these two OC's!

*003*2024-01-22 08:46

{{On 1/20/2024 at 1:06 PM, orangelion said:

Loved the story! Here's another idea, Yuta hides Mali's panties which forces her to got out in public in a dress without any panties.

}}

{{16 hours ago, alfeiro said:

First my congratulations to the author. A very lucky find. Thank you.

And I'd like to second the idea. Let them give themselves a challenge in the form of a walk to some favorite place, far enough away, but without using a cab. Upon return, immediate copulation is mandatory rule, but only the one who stays dry is allowed to use the restroom before. Mali guesses that he hid the panties on purpose, and she manages to discreetly dump the excess and therefore win. Yuta suffers and asks to cancel the copulation, but Mali is adamant.

}}

I love these! Next time I get the chance I’ll definitely do something like this!

