One Hot Summer’s Day

Author: omootaku

*000*2021-01-24 09:47

I knew I was a lucky girl when Melissa invited me to her private beach. I was far more excited than she knew at the chance to see her in a bikini and it did not disappoint. Her creamy breasts bulging over the top of her stripy top, her little round soft tummy resting over her bikini bottoms...she looked so gorgeous.

We spent some of the afternoon chatting and playing in the sea, then we settled back to just sunbathe for a while and look up at the blue, cloudless sky. I tried not to think about her closeness and how it made my clit throb with a need for release.

But then Melissa start squirming a bit. I thought she was just trying to get comfortable until she sat up.

”Shit. I need to pee.”

My mouth went dry. “You could go in the sea? There’s no one around.”

She bit her lip. “I don’t like to go too far in really. There might be sharks and stuff.”

I looked around even though I knew there was nothing but sand, not even a rock to hide behind. Heart pounding, I dared to open my mouth.

”You could go on me.”

An instant blush spread across her cheeks.

”What?”

”Just...pretend I’m a toilet.”

I couldn’t believe what was coming out of my mouth. Melissa stood up, fidgety. Her face was still hot but now it was just discomfort.

“I-I do really need to go. I’m so full of piss.”

She was pressing her legs together and now I was too, but only because my clit was aching so hard.

“Piss on me. It’s okay.”

”You sure?”

”Yes,” I said firmly.

”Okay. How should I...?”

”Maybe if you sort of straddle me?”

Melissa let out a shaky breath, then carefully pulled down her bikini pants and stepped out of them. I couldn’t help but stare at her beautiful shaved pussy resting just below her slightly bulging tummy.

She slowly lowered herself to be on her knees over me, and I raised my own so she could lean back against me slightly.

“It’s coming out oh god”, she cried as the first dribble escaped and ran down her legs and on to me.

“Fuck,” she hissed, and her pee stream burst forth and on to my chest.

”That’s it, don’t stop baby,” I encouraged her as her piss continued to shoot forth up my chest.

“I wanna piss on your breasts, she said, almost a whisper, her eyes glazed with the relief of peeing.

I quickly pulled my bikini top up, my breasts bouncing out, and Melissa angled herself forward slightly. Her piss shot down my chest between my breasts and I moaned and the hot wet warmth.

”That’s so good, don’t stop.”

I was so desperate to come now, my own bikini pants wet and sodden from some of Melissa’s piss.

Finally, her stream begin to taper off and she let out a final, shaky sigh.

”Did that feel good?”

“Oh yeah,” she let a big smile across her face.

“Say it,” I begged, grinding up against her wet clit.

”It felt so good to piss on you,” she whimpered. “And that feels good too.”

“I really need to come,” I said. “Just seeing your pussy piss like that got me so hot.”

She arched over me. “It’s still wet. Wanna lick it dry?”

I eagerly craned my head back as she lowered it over me, swiping my tongue up along her wet slit. Even her piss tasted good.

”Your turn, she said, and shimmied down my body, pulling my bikini bottoms down. I yanked my already pulled up bikini top over my head and lay back as she opened my legs and began to lap at my clit.

I squeezed my piss soaked breasts together as she licked my pussy. I could feel my release building already.

“Melissa I’m gonna cum,” I gasped. And then my whole body tightened and exploded with pleasure.

*001*2021-03-09 18:08

I sometimes wonder if Melissa knew I’d been watching and drank a little more than usual on purpose. It was a warm, lazy evening in late summer, and we were chilling on the beach with our friends, drinking beers and ciders. The smell of bonfire smoke mixed with the fresh night air in that intoxicating way you wished would last forever.

I’d been pacing myself on my bottle but was starting to feel the need to pee, quiet at first then more insistent. What’s more, I’d noticed Melissa pressing her thighs together a few times over the past half hour. Maybe it was wishful thinking but I was taking it as a sign that she needed to go too.

Just as I was starting to get a bit fidgety and restless, she stood up.

“Just going to stretch my legs,” she announced to the group, though no one was paying close attention and she got a few grunts at best. “You coming?”

Her tone was a little too casual and it made my heart skip a little faster, but again, it was only me that understood the significance of what she was asking as I awkwardly clambered to my feet.

We set off and I debated asking her where we were going. It seemed like we were heading for the pier, which was just around the corner from our spot, and always deserted at this hour because it was so dark.

I wordlessly flicked the torch on my phone on as we approached the creaky wooden pillars. I could feel my own bladder squeezing a little, reminding me that it too needed relief.

”I’m so full of pee, Laura,” she said, a slight gasp hitching her voice. “I don’t think I can go any further.”

I did the cursory glance around, no one in our eye line. “You gonna go here?”

She was already unbuttoning her shorts and I bit my lip to see she had no panties on as she stepped out of them.

She bent down, squatting and I shone the torch on her, unable to help myself.

“Perve-,” she jokingly mumbled, but it lacked the punch of her usual joky comments.

”You’re so desperate aren’t you?” I said, unable to help myself, pressing my own legs together. “Piss for me, Mel.”

“Ahh,” she murmured and I saw the first dribble of piss staining the sand. “Oh-oh god.” Her piss shot forth in a strong stream and I bit down on my lip, remembering how badly I needed to release.

”I need to put the phone down,” I said, but she didn’t seem to notice me, lost in the bliss of her piss stream pooling in the sand underneath her.

I quickly set the phone down next to me and began fiddling with my short button.

”Fuck- it’s stuck. I-I can’t hold it Mel.” I wriggled with my button desperately but it was no good. I could feel the piss bursting to come out.

A few more scrabbles and it was done. I tore my shorts down and bent down, feeling the first stream of piss run down my slit, then turn into a long, powerful stream like Mel’s. The relief was so overpowering that it wasn’t until I came back to myself once the last trickle had dried up that I realised she was holding the phone this time, fully dressed again and watching me.

”Perve,” I said, but I was grinning as I shook myself as best I could then hitched my shorts back up. We began to wander back towards the group when something caught my eye.

”Is that...Seth?” I said quietly.

Melissa’s head jerked in the direction I’d pointed. I pulled her behind the wooden beam and we gazed. Our friend Seth was walking briskly away, his back to us. He must have snuck off before we did and we just hadn’t noticed.

”Fuck, fuck,” I heard him exclaim, and as he turned slightly I could see him fiddling with his fly. “Shit,shit-“

Giving up on his fly, he grappled with the top of his jeans and I heard Melissa’s shaky intake of breath as he pulled out his cock, and a strong piss stream immediately burst from the top.

His unsteady sigh was so loud it reached us and I felt my pussy throb as I watched, mesmerised. He’d managed to get his jeans down far enough to hold his cock fully and he continued to piss for what must have been nearly a minute before it started to taper off. The longer it continued the more I could feel my arousal build and began rubbing myself through my shorts with low little breathless pants. I didn’t have to look at Melissa to sense her doing the same.

To our unbelievable delight, once Seth had finally stopped pissing, he gave his cock a few shakes, then started playing with it. He leaned back slightly on the wooden beam behind him, arching his back and face up and began to pant.

”Fuck I needed that.”

He was pumping his cock slowly and rhythmically now, it had already gotten completely hard. Near hysterical with need, I managed to slip my hand down my panties, and had to bite down on my lip again as my finger met my soaking pussy. I heard a strangled gasp from Melissa beside me and could sense her hand moving faster on her own clit beside me.

Faster and faster I laced my fingers over my swollen wet clit, having to close my eyes at times to focus on keeping from getting too loud. I felt myself begin to topple over as Seth started to let out ragged moans, then jerked forward, desperately pumping his cock as white streams shot forth.

I fell onto the beam for support as I feverishly worked my clit, falling into a dizzyingly sweet orgasm and feeling Melissa come apart next to me with a breathless, high moan.

