Apples for a picky eater

Author: OmoRiolu

*000*2017-04-06 02:55

Two Pokemon, a male Riolu and a female Shinx, were walking through a small forest, collecting apples. This was their first mission the guild gave them, and it was one of the most annoying missions in the world. Not only did they have to collect twenty-five apples, but the Exploud that requested them had said that they had to be a specific size, completely red and round, with no bumps or bruises on them at all. The two have been there for at least an hour, and have only found four apples that were perfect. It was a hot day out, so the two had packed some water bottles to bring with him to keep from overheating. However, the two or three bottles of water they have already drunk was starting to reach their bladders.

“Hey...I gotta pee...” The Shinx said to the Riolu.

“Why don’t you just go behind a bush?” The Riolu asked her.

“No, I’m not going anywhere in this forest, there are Pokemon everywhere! I don’t want to be watched.”

“Aright.” They continue trying to find the right apples, the Riolu eventually went behind a tree to relieve himself, the sound of urine splashing against the grass making the shinx needs worse. Another hour later, and they have a bit more luck, finding a bunch of the perfect apples for the mission. They just needed one more, and they could head home.

“Oh, my bladder is so full...” The shinx whined, her hind legs pressing up against each other. The fur between her legs were a bit damp.

“We’re almost done, we only need to find one more apple...” The Riolu replies, searching around for one. After some time, he finally finds one, raising it up. “Alright, now we can go back to the guild!”

Suddenly, the Shinx yelped. Turning around to look at her, he saw that she was shaking quite a bit. The fur on her legs got a bit damper as she started leaking.

“No, I-I can’t lose it here!”

She tried her best to hold it in, but her bladder couldn’t take it anymore. She instinctively squatted down as she lost control, sighing in relief.

“A-a-ahhh...”

A puddle started forming under her, growing rapidly as she finally relieved herself, whether she liked it or not. The Riolu blushed as he watched all of this unfold, not knowing exactly what to do or say in a situation like this. After awhile, she finally finished, slowly standing back up, and looking down, a light blush on her face. They both remained silent for a bit, standing there awkwardly, before the Riolu spoke up.

“Umm...are you aright?”

“Yeah...”

“We could head back to the guild if you want, you can take a quick swim in the nearby lake to get the smell off of you...”

“Aright. Oh, and could you not tell anyone else about this please?”

“Don’t worry, I won’t.”

(Sorry if this is short or anything. This is my first omorashi fanfiction, and I’m still new to fanfiction overall. But, practice makes perfect. If any of you have anything you would like to tell me, whether it be advice or anything, don’t be afraid to tell me.)

