Sav & Nathan: Desperate Boyfriend 2

Author: OmoBabe56

*000*2021-12-01 04:23

After almost a year, I’ve finally gotten around to doing another story with Savannah and Nathan. Here’s part 2 of the desperate boyfriend series!

***

“Hey Sav, how much longer does it say we have until we get there?” Nathan asked for about the tenth time in the last thirty minutes. Savannah giggled to herself at her boyfriend’s impatience and checked the gps again.

“A little over an hour,” Savannah replied, looking back up at the road ahead. They’d been on the road for the last few hours on their way to Savannah’s family’s lake cabin. They’d decided to go a day early to have some time to themselves before Savannah’s family got there.

Savannah rested her head in her hand and enjoyed the sound of the light rain patter on the roof of Nathan’s truck. It was almost dark at this point, and she was exhausted from traveling all day. She closed her eyes and dozed off slightly.

***

Nathan smiled as he looked over at his sleeping girlfriend. They’d been driving all day and were both exhausted. Nathan thought she looked so cute while she slept.

However, his thoughts were quickly interrupted by the pressure in his bladder. He hadn’t peed in at least a few hours, and had steadily been drinking soda to calm his nerves about being at the cabin with Savannah’s family.

He bit his lip and tightened his grip on the steering wheel. He sped up slightly, and hoped he could hold it until they got to the cabin. He would be way too shy and embarrassed to suggest pulling over, no matter how comfortable he was around Savannah. He’d just have to hold it.

***

About thirty minutes later, Savannah awoke to a loud groan from Nathan. After her eyes adjusted, she figured out almost immediately what was wrong. Nathan had a pained expression on his face and a death grip on the steering wheel. He was squirming constantly.

“Nathan, love, are this okay?” she asked sympathetically, although she already knew what was wrong. Nathan sighed and bit his lip before answering.

”Hafta’ pee,” he managed to mumble. His face was bright red, and knuckles were a ghostly white from how hard he held onto the steering wheel.

“It shouldn’t be too much longer until we’re there,” Savannah said encouragingly, “Just try to relax a bit, love. You look like you’re trying to rip off the steering wheel,” she joked. She put her hand on his thigh and rubbed up and down it lightly.

He flinched slightly at her touch, but tried to relax a bit. He knew him being so tense would just make it worse. They sat like that in silence for a few minutes as Savannah continued to rub his thigh.

”Hey, Sav?” he inhaled sharply.

”What is it, love?” She asked looking up at him. He was clearly extremely uncomfortable.

”Can- can you,” he felt humiliated asking, but he didn’t feel like he had a choice at this point, “Can you undo my belt, please? It hurts.” His face was a bright shade of red, and he didn’t want to look at her. He knew she wouldn’t judge him for any of this, but he still got so embarrassed.

”Yeah, sure.” she answered, and carefully undid his belt.

”Can- can you do my- my pants too, please?” he seemed to get quieter with every word.

Savannah quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. She looked at the gps on her phone and saw they only had about fifteen minutes left until they arrived at the cabin. She hoped Nathan could make it until then to save him the humiliation.

***

After about ten minutes, Nathan felt like he was at his breaking point. He now had a death grip on his dick, and could feel drops of pee at the very tip trying to come out.

He felt his muscles start to tire from holding on for so long, and he desperately hoped he could make it just a few more minutes until they arrived. Then, the worst thing that could have possibly happened, happened.

He turned onto the road that would lead to the cabin, a rock road. As he felt every little bump in his bladder, he began to leak. He gasped he horror. He tried desperately to stop as the leaks got bigger and bigger. There was now a grapefruit sized wet spot on his crotch that continued to grow by the second.

He couldn’t take it anymore. He pulled over and put the truck in park. As he jumped out, his muscles completely gave out as hot piss started gushing from his dick. He froze in embarrassment as the flood he’d been holding back soaked his jeans.

After a little over a minute, it trickled off, and finally stopped. Nathan felt relieved for all of about two seconds, before the humiliation kicked in. He, a grown man, just peed his pants on the side of the road, in front of his girlfriend.

His girlfriend… he remembered Savannah, sitting in the truck, had just witnessed the whole thing. He could feel tears filling his eyes from embarrassment, and they began to stream down his face.

***

Savannah jumped out of the truck and hurried to Nathan’s side. He was shaking, and had tears streaming down his face. She wrapped her arms around him in a tight embrace, and he wrapped his arms around her as he began crying harder.

They stood like that for awhile, until Nathan’s wet jeans began to get cold. They got back into the truck and made their way to the cabin. Upon arriving, Savannah threw Nathan’s soaked jeans in the dryer as he took a hot shower.

She stripped her clothes off and hopped in the shower with him. After they were finished, they hopped into bed, and Savannah made sure to give him what she secretly considered to be “positive reinforcement”.

If only he knew how much she secretly enjoyed this…

