Princess panic (with illustration)

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2025-11-05 11:27

Here is my first story with pictures to go along with it. I am not good at drawing but if someone out there enjoys it it was worth it right?

###

"Princess Penny is a name known across the kingdom" the queen whispered as the procession arrived at the gates "She is known for her beauty and her fathers stern yet friendly relationship with his subjects."

I look up to protest but am cut off before I can even inhale. "I know. You don't want the rule, you don't want the pressure, and you certainly don't want to be betrothed" She sighs. "Just think of it all as formalities. Then after today you can hide away in your quarters with all the books you can read" The queen looks down at me and smiles a sad yet loving smile. "Listen Penny, Smile laugh and have a quality of pride about you today. This is important for our family and most importantly, your father"

I look over at my father, he is attending his kingly duties and ordering servants around before the guests breach the grand hall. He will be all smiles today, all pleasantries and gallantries and blah blah. I catch his eyes and his expression changes, not much, but just enough to warn me to be on my best behaviour. My mother sees this and whispers some last advice before joining him. "You know how he gets Penny, if you don't do this we will both pay the price." My mother puts the mask of queen back on and walks over to the King.

I take stock and look at myself in a reflection of a dinner plate, I look beautiful. I hate this dress however, too thin and way too revealing. I had said this of course when the king presented it to me- "He will see your breasts eventually anyway, why hide them?" He responded when I had complained about the cut. I study it again and notice that when I bend over my breasts are on full view. I make a mental note not to bend over.

I sigh and console myself by quickly downing a chalice of wine. A serving boy looks at me shocked as I take another and drink deeply. I smile at him and wipe the back of my hand across my mouth. He looks away and continues to prepare the feast. 'Gods, it seems no one can have fun in this fucking castle' I decide to have one last piss before my duties begin, my bladder is full to bursting from the mornings many drinks.

"Penny, come" My father beckons. Never mind, guess I have to hold it. We walk out to the yard to see the host getting off their horses. I scan the group to see if my future husband to be is handsome or repulsive.

"Which one is he?" I ask my parents trying to keep the apprehension out of my voice.

"Purple tunic" My father growls beside me, he smiles like the happiest man alive for the guests. "Wave Penny" He nudges as the guests look at the king, queen, and subsequent 'beautiful daughter'. I wave like an idiot and try to find the man of the hour.

The retinue walks up the steps and pleasantries are given back and fourth, it seems to take an hour in of itself before the party is moved inside the grand hall. I eventually am faced with a youngish looking lad in a purple tunic. "Hello" I say looking at him for signs of his impending personality. He smiles without a trace of fear, almost cocky.

"Hi, you must be the Penny. You seem less scary than the smallfolk would have me believe" He says without a stutter. I am taken aback by the comment and struggle to find my words. "Well" he says with that smile again "I look forward to getting to know you" As he walks away I catch his eyes scan my body and look away. I am shocked. My first impression... BAD.. He seems like a cocky brat. A know it all. A cunt in short. This is the man I will spend the rest of my life with apparently. I need to read up on ways to secretly murder someone.

I sigh for what seems to be the hundredth time today and head up to the dais. I sit down on the right of my father, my mother on the left. More pleasantries are exchanged, upon sitting I start to realise just how full my bladder is and try to distract myself with sipping more wine. I cross my legs subtly and put my hand on top of my lap. It helps, I can probably slip off soon.

My father suddenly stands and starts to give a speech. It goes on and on. I am distracted by the fact that my bladder is now actively painful I shift slightly in my seat. At the end of his speech, they all raise their glasses to me. yay. The attention shifts to me and I am expected to say something. The fear briefly causes me to disregard my needs and I feel a small dribble escape my clutches. I stammer for a second and realise my hand is now in-between my legs, I raise my glass to draw their eyes to that instead.

I remove my hand from my womanhood and realise how much it was helping. I ramble on for a second, praising my 'beloved father' thanking whatever god exists for today and hoping they all have a nice time at the feast. My bladder is now fluttering beneath my clothes and I realise I might be in a predicament. I finish my small ramble and people clap, I must've said something right then. I look up to my father as the hall fills with 100 conversations to see if he is happy with my words.

He smiles at me but his eyes say something different. He glances down and then back up at my eyes, his gaze questions me dangerously.

"I need to be excused" I say quietly to him, and start to get up.

"You will stay right there young lady, You are the lady of honour I cannot permit you to leave!" He growls whilst maintaining a perfect smile.

"But Father I need to relieve myself" I stutter "I will shame us both if I do not go now"

"You will control yourself like the future queen or you will suffer my wrath" He warns me with a sweet smile. My mother flashes me a warning look from behind him and I decide it is best to hold my tongue. I catch eyes with my future husband across the hall and see him giving me a searching look. I look away and feel him looking at me still. I try to portray no signs of desperation but the latest wine is hitting my extended bladder. The dress is normally loose but I feel it pressing on my need. The pressure between my legs is almost taking my breath away, my womanhood fluttering like a wild bird trapped in a small cage, I feel a torrent of piss etching closer and closer to my undergarment with each stumble my bladder performs. I am about to plead with my father again but the hall goes quiet. I search for the reason behind the sudden hush and see my betrothed standing tall on a chair.

"A toast!" He calls looking me directly in the eyes with an emotion I can't quite place.. I can tell its not quite kindness. "To my penny, may our marriage last a century!" He calls and drinks. The rest of the hall copies him. I have decided to not drink anymore when my father nudges me harshly.

"Drink or you dishonour him"

I raise my goblet and drink.

"More toasts" The annoying boy in the purple tunic calls again. His eyes never leave mine until they glance briefly at the gap between my legs where my hand has re-inserted itself... He knows. He knows and he is torturing me, pushing me. Fucking sadistic creep. I have no choice now, every toast is in my name. I drink for each call and feel the wine start to take my head. My bladder is now a deep throb under my undergarments. The last toast I almost don't drink, I am at my absolute limit. The King urges me laughing it off as me not being able to hold my wine. I sip it and feel my bladder release more.

I put the chalice down with a bang and clench. I don't see anyone in the hall, I only feel my tired enlarged bladder trying to force me to piss in my dress. I sit as taught as a bowstring and as still as a statue willing my bladder to stop its endless pursuit.

I find my future husband looking at me more and more. I can feel the back of my dress has caught some of the escaped urine under my royal arse and quickly assure that no one can see any evidence of my shame.

I look up to my father and feel tears start to sting my eyes. "Father please" I whisper. He sighs and stands. "Stand Olivia" he growls. I try but find I cannot stand upright. I put my hands on the table to keep an appearance of purposefully not standing upright. The king starts another speech thanking everyone for coming. As he goes on my womanhood screams under the new feeling of standing up. I feel the fluttering get dangerously out of control and feel another dribble slip past my defences. I keep my legs closed together and feel a few droplets of pee find their way own the back of my legs.

The king ends his speech and excuses me to attend to 'the making of the desert'. He looks to me and I bow and back out of the room as gracefully as I can. As I walk I feel the back of my dress is slightly wet. I try to keep my hands over the spot and walk as quickly as I can.

"Hold it Penny my desperate damsel" I hear a familiar voice. I whirl around and plant my behind on the wall of the hallway to hide the wetness. The future king waltzes up to me as if he is already anointed. "Why leave in such a hurry, I feel as if I haven't gotten to know you... well on a deeper level than flesh.." He says again looking me up and down. I silently curse my father for picking this pathetic excuse for clothing. The kingling is standing so close to me I can smell the ale on his breath, he can most definitely smell the wine on mine.

"You look distressed my love" He drawls with glee. "Why not just piss yourself. Its just us here"

I try to turn and move on without saying anything to him but he holds me in place. "Please, just let me go to the privy" I beg at wits end as another trickle of piss introduces itself to the clothes of my panties, I feel more travel down my legs. He stands there with his hands on his hips and a smile playing its way from ear to ear.

"Come on. piss for me" He teases and pokes me.

"No" I stammer. But my body is making the decision for me, I feel the flutter stop for a second as my muscles give way. I can feel my undergarments start to fill with piss, the warmth is so unwelcome that I audible gasp. I use both hands to grab at my crotch through my dress. I stop the flow but feel piss soaking into the front of my dress and hear a pitter patter on the ground beneath me. As I have bent over my breast has popped out, I hastily stuff it back into the dress.

"Look at her so valiant, definitely a queen for me. Keep fighting it then" He relinquishes. "Come, in here" He drags me to a closet and pushes me to the wall.

"Please let me go" I whimper but I don't move. I can feel my brief control slipping away again as the fluttering becomes so intense, more dribbles of pee come out unbid each flutter. Its all I can do to not fall to the floor and piss with all my force. As I stand there Losing the war, he slips my dress off shoulders revealing my body. My once light purple panties are soaked beyond comprehension, I follow his gaze and look at my trembling womanhood, I can see the piss flowing through my undergarments and down my legs.

"Wow you are still fighting it even after you have already soiled yourself" He teases.

I feel the pressure spike painfully and nearly double over. Despite my efforts I feel my bladder release. Not just release but push, I gush into my panties. The piss hitting the floor is so loud I am surprised the entire castle doesn't hear it. The warmth flows so powerfully down my legs and into my crumpled dress between my ankles. I give up and let it happen.

I stand there, half naked, until I am empty and then open my eyes. I see the prince with his own breeches around his ankles and his cock in his hand.

I decide I will have to read up on how to secretly murder someone.

