Drunk and Desperate Internal Thoughts

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2025-07-21 13:00

I have another half true story, the difference between life and this one is the fact that in real life i knew 'Jamie' before all of this. Of course some artistic liberties have been taken and therefore its in fiction instead of experiences. Hope yall enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing about it.

I lean against the bar and watch the barman make my cocktail; it’s a nice reprise to get away from the heat of the dancefloor. I relax a little and catch my reflection in a mirror on the far side of the bar area, wow I look drunk. I move my head back and forth to test my equilibrium, I am drunk. I chuckle slightly to myself thinking back to the start of the night when I had declared with full certainty that I would only be having 3 drinks maximum. That was a while ago now… I turn as the barman starts to shake the cocktail and search the dancefloor for Sam and Lyla, my eyes wont focus properly as I try to make out faces. Well, I hope they are having a nice time sucking face, I needed another drink after seeing my best friend start making out with my crush. What a bitch, she knew I liked him, fuck it I can find someone else.

My drink is set down with an unheard clank over the DUM DUM DUM of the music and I start absently sipping it. I meet eyes with an okay looking guy, and he walks over, he’s alright looking but that just might be the alcohol talking. “Hey” he mouths. I assume he spoke, but I literally can’t hear a thing over the music. I respond with a small smile. “You’re cute” He slurs in my face. I nod half paying attention. He grabs my waist and pulls me into dance, and I try to pull away due to the forcefulness of his lunge. We have an awkward tussle for a second and I step on his foot to send the message clearly. He meanders away looking for someone a little easier than I. Ugh men are alright normally but in clubs they just plain suck.

I suck down my drink in frustration at how my night is going and check the time. Its nearly 12 I think to myself as I sway on the spot, I should head home soon. The act of grabbing my waist and pulling me forward has brought my attention round to the fact that I quite badly need to pee. I meander over to the woman’s toilets, unsurprisingly it has a line. My house isn’t that far from here; I could just go when I get home. But then again, I don’t fancy walking with a bloated bladder, so I join the line. 

It moves incredibly slowly but by 12:20 I am close-ish to the front, I’m glad I chose to wait in line though as I now really have to pee. It’s a sharp feeling penetrating the otherwise numb blanket feeling I feel throughout my body, I sip my drink until its gone and place the shitty plastic cup on the rail. I try to distract myself by watching the woman in front of me. She is very clearly more desperate than me and is bent over, her booty-shorts are looking suspiciously damp, and I can see droplets of pee travelling down the back of her legs.

I’m watching the woman in front of me slowly lose the fight with her bladder when I feel someone bump into me from behind and I stumble slightly out of the line, turning around I see a woman with the face of someone fighting the urge to be sick. FUCK. I take multiple steps backwards and evade her splash zone as she hurls directly where I just was. Fuck this, I think, I am not standing near someone throwing up. I wait by the side of the line until she has stopped retching and try to rejoin only to be pushed back unceremoniously. “What the fuck” I blurt louder than I would without alcohol. “Join the back like everyone else bitch” says a woman bent double. “I did but...” I’m interrupted by a bouncer who grabs me roughly and says “No jumping in line”

“I did I swear” but my argument falls on deaf ears as he deposits me at the back of the line. Okay, now this is a problem. Fuck the club and fuck this line. I start heading to the exit preparing for the travel home when I’m accosted by Sam and Lyla. “Where did you go?” Lyla asks. “I was in the line for the toilets” I respond but before I can continue my explanations Lyla leans in and whispers “I am going back to Sams tonight. You cool making your own way back?” The nerve on this bitch. “Yeah, fine whatever” I say and stumble past them both without looking back.

The fresh air is a godsend, and I can finally think somewhat clearly again, although my body is still displaying signs of drinking too much. I start walking towards the bus stop and stumble slightly. I realise I am finding it hard to stand up completely straight. I get to the bus stop and check the times, I’m in luck, only 5 minutes until the next bus. I half sit down on the pathetic bus stop seats and wait. The fresh air and lack of movement catches up to me and my bladders true struggle is thrown slightly into relief. I wiggle my legs for the next minutes until the bus rolls up and opens its door. When I stand up however the dull ache of my overfull bladder turns more into a painful throb. I nearly trip on my way into the bus and completely fumble the social interaction of asking for a ticket, God I need to not drink so much.

As I turn to walk down the aisle, I realise the bus is rather empty, so I grab a seat near the back and cross my legs. Sitting down is awful. I can’t stop fidgeting and end up resigning myself to holding my crotch under my small black skirt. I look down and see my fishnet covered legs crossing and uncrossing. If I wasn’t on the edge of peeing myself, I would be more appreciative of my cool style choice tonight. The bus jolts to a stop and sends a fresh wave of urgency through my body. I have both my hands clamped in between my thighs and my legs are bouncing up and down madly.

A new group of passengers get on the bus and a guy sits on the row of seats next to me. Damn. I stop all obvious signs of needing to piss and sit poised with my legs crossed. The sudden cessation of movement focuses the intense pressure directly on my bladder muscles, its not a good sign that they are now occasionally fluttering with the effort. I subtly glance at the guy. He notices and smiles at me. Now this guy is more than just alright. My drunk brain momentarily forgets my desperation and starts thinking of ways I can get him back to my bed.

“Nice night?” he asks looking bemused at my apparent staring. I nod and smile back. “What about you?” I ask. He takes a second and responds “lousy honestly, clubs suck. Drunk people aye?” He chuckles.

“I’m drunk”

“You seem like an exception, don’t worry though I’m drunk too” He smiles slightly sheepishly. Damn this boy is trying it on with me, how do I bring him home without pissing myself. I smile back at him and look forward for a second, my legs are tense, and my bladder is fluttering badly. I need to grab myself or else I might pee, but I can see him still glancing at me. I breath deeply and force myself to sit still and think of something to say to him.

“Erm so… what’s your name?” I ask him, cringing inside at how lame I am.

“Jamie and you?”

“O..Olivia” I stammer as I feel my poor bladder muscles getting weaker. I realise that my legs are bouncing again, and I try to stop them. The sudden lack of movement is agonising and causes a sharp feeling to attack my bladder. My hands instinctively go to grab myself to aid my now exhausted bladder, but I stop them at risk of looking weird. I turn to him and smile trying to downplay the awkward movements I’ve just made. My legs are tightly crosses but I feel the first hint of dampness introducing itself to my black underwear. It’s only a little bit but it’s enough for me to realise I need to do something soon. I mentally give up on my attempt to swoon Jamie and focus on the ride ahead. I look outside and to my delight my stop is next.

The bus rolls up to my stop and brakes with a lurch, I sit with my hands braced on the back of the seat in front of me to minimize the jostling, but I feel my poor bladder sloshing around painfully. I stand up and give a small smile to Jamie as I walk off the bus and wait for it to drive away so I can cross the road. My panties are damp with the slight dribble I let out earlier, but I am still in control… for now. Standing feels better but I can’t stop subtly bouncing from one foot to the other. The bus starts to drive away, and I realise Jamie is stood here with me. I turn to him drunkenly, half startled and slightly bent over. He smiles. “You live around here too?”

“Mhhmm” I mumble as my bladder spasms; my knees knock together as I stop myself from weeing in my panties and fishnets.

“Where?” he asks as if I haven’t done anything weird.

I don’t know where the sudden smooth bravado comes from, but I can’t help myself at the opportunity. “Come with me and find out” I wink and start across the road, heart racing. I can hear his footsteps behind me and smile despite my situation. It’s only a 2-minute walk to mine but it feels like 10 right now, my legs move clumsily due to my dire drunken desperation. Each step threatens to open the flood gates. But we reach my door without further accidents. Jamie smiles at me as I start to dig around my bag for keys. I’ve come so far but can feel the pain in my bladder reaching a crescendo, I can’t hold out anymore. My fingers find my keys and wrench them out of my bag at speed. The difficulty is in balancing not pissing myself and remaining calm and somewhat sexy. I glance to Jamie, he just seems amused by my frantic antics, maybe he just thinks I’m drunk. I thrust the keys in the door and turn them as my bladder starts to finally give in, I feel another small dribble escape me.

I would be fine if I could hold myself, but Jamie is watching me. I start heading in and am about to mumble that I need to visit the bathroom when he closes my front door behind him and pulls me in for a kiss. I feel another dribble escape me despite my crossed legs. I try to come up for air as he puts his hands around my waist and pins me to a wall. Fuck that’s hot. I throw my hand to my crotch and hold myself under my skirt, my panties are wet to the touch, and I can feel wetness on the inside of my thighs. “Jamie…” I say as he pulls me in for another kiss and I feel warm pee leak into my soaked panties and through my fingers. I pull away to detach from the kiss, determined not to piss all over my floor. I see a few droplets of piss on the hardwood floor directly under where I was just stood.

Jamie apparently hasn’t noticed anything, in fact he is now trying to take off my top. This would suck if I wasn’t so turned on right now. I lift my arms to allow him to slide my black tank top over my head and he stops and takes in the view of me in my black bra. My bladder is losing the fight, and I feel my body preparing to eject my piss. “One sec” I say as I attempt to slip past him into the bathroom, but he grabs my wrist. “Where are you going? The toilet?” He asks slyly. “You aren’t as good at hiding it as you thought you are”. I stop in my tracks and look at him for a second, my vagina is pulsing but not just with desperation. He pulls me back in and kisses me again, one hand securing me in place and another now reaching down to under my skirt. I feel his fingers find my soaked panties and sense a smile creep onto his face mid-kiss.

He knows. He knows and he’s into it. His fingers start exploring, the sensation is too much, and I feel my bladder momentarily give way. The spurt is so powerful that I hear the 2 second hiss of a torrent of pee encountering cloth and fingers. He suddenly clutches my vagina with a sensitive force as if he is helping me hold it in. “Toilet” I whisper urgently between kisses. He responds by picking me up and carrying me to the toilet. Whilst we travel, I can’t help it, I clench with everything I have but the flow starts. It’s a trickle at first but every second it continues, it picks up speed. He sets me down gently in the bathroom and looks at the spreading wetness fall from between my legs onto the floor.

“Hold it” He urges. I try but I know its futile. I start to piss hard into my clothes. My legs are steadily getting wetter, and the floor becomes a puddle under me. He has stopped kissing me now and stands back and watches as I uncontrollably wet myself in front of him. The flow won’t stop, and I don’t even attempt to stop it anymore. My skirt has caught a lot of pee and is now sodden and heavy. I soak myself for a good minute until finally my bladder is empty.

“Wow” he says stepping back. “Wow” I say looking down. We fucked hard that night.

