Unexpected Wetness

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-07-28 06:14

It was midnight. I was watching Netflix in my room while my best friend, Blair, was on a date at the cinema. Not too long after, I got a call from her. I picked up."Hey, how is the date going?" I asked her.

"I need you to come here immediately," she told me.

"What?! Why?" I asked.

"I'll explain when you get there."

"Blair, its midnight. You can't be serious."

"I am. Come over here."

I assumed that I really didn't have a choice but to go to the cinema and pick her up. So I got in my car and drove over there. I got there and found her sitting on the sidewalk near the cinema. She saw me and seemed relieved. She got in the car and I asked her what had happened.

"He came but realized that he had a game he had to go to and apologized. So I watched the movie by myself but realized that I don't have anyone to bring me back home so I called you."

"Oh, okay," I told her. She shifted and I saw her arm go near her crotch. She let out a little grunt. "You good?" I asked her.

"Just need to pee. I drank some wine at home and ice shaving for the movie." I rolled my eyes at her.

"Classic, Blair." I joked.

"Shut up!" she laughed, punching me on the shoulder. "No, but for real, hurry."

"My house is closer. Wanna drive there and you could sleep over?"

"Yeah," she said. My eyes widened to see how crowded it has gotten. What are that many people doing at 12 am?

"How bad do you need to go?" I asked her.

"Really bad," she answered. She kept fidgeting around to keep it in. "Why?" she asked.

"I don't know, Blair, it's pretty crowded."

"Fuck, it really isn't the time!"

"I know, I know. Just hang in there, okay?" We drove for about ten minutes and I could see that she was suffering really bad. "How is it going?"

"I..don't think I...I...can't....I...really" she moaned between her words.

"Okay! Hang in there you can do it!"

"I don't know if...I...damn" I tried driving as fast as possible but it was hopeless. She got off her seat holding her hands under. I saw some drops drip from her short skirt. I drove over to a street that wasn't as busy. She was making a lot of noise, moaning and moving. "Hurry...IT'S COMING..." I told her to get out of the car and she can pee there. She wasn't able to open the door though because both hands were up against her crotch. She was able to get it. There was a loud slatter noise as her urine hit the pavement. Dripping down her legs and a stream of yellow in between splashing everywhere. When she was done she stayed for a while for her underwear to stop dripping. I handed her some tissue and she wiped her legs. She got back in and I continued to drive. "Much better." she signed with relief. I giggled. She started touching her wet underwear and feeling the warmth of it. I would've done the same so who am I to judge.

*001*2018-07-28 06:20

Sorry it was really short. Its hard to write when you are turned on. haha.

