A baseball peanuts (peenuts) story

Author: omofan77

*000*2016-03-30 15:56

It was the end of another baseball game. Charlie Brown was upset as usual. "200 to nothing! Good grief! How can we lose 200 to nothing? What happened? I thought if we drank that balanced electrolyte solution, we'd win. What happened?"

"Maybe we drank too much the first inning," said Linus, too full to stand. He wasn't the only one. A lot of others were also too full to move. Shermy was sitting on the grass. He tried to get the taste out by drinking root beer. As he finished a long drink, he realized his mistake. "Wow I really have to pee." He made to stand, but couldn't. Thinking quick, he lowered his pants and underwear and aimed his penis into the nearly empty bottle and relaxed, letting his pee flow into the bottle, filling it. His stomach shrank as well as his bladder emptied. Fully relieved, Shermy put the bottle down and adjusted his clothes.

Charlie Brown came by and drank the contents. "This root beer's awful. I need something else." He went and drank from the hose and set off home. Sally was watching the game and sipping lemonade. "I have to tinkle." She went to find a bathroom and noticed Linus. Thinking about her crush, she no longer felt the need to go. "I guess I don't have to go after all. Now's my chance." She went up. "Linus, why don't we walk home together?"

"You'll just follow me anyway," said Linus. As they walked, Linus felt his bladder filling. He wasn't sure he could make it. Soon, he was sweating and thinking frantically. "I can't pee in front of Sally. Maybe I could pee my pants. If I do that and can make it inside without being seen, I can make it." Sally also felt her need to pee rushing back, stronger than ever. "I really have to go potty again. Maybe I can tinkle with Linus." When they paused and Sally thought about how to address her problem, she saw Linus sitting, holding his legs together. "Linus, do you have to go potty?"

"No."

"Well, I have to."

"Alright, I really have to pee."

"We're alone here so we can tinkle in our clothes or go potty on a tree."

Sally walked to a nearby tree. Linus looked around and saw no one. "Good. I really really have to go now and I don't care if Sally watches." He stood and walked up to the tree with her. Close to bursting, he reached into his pants and pulled his penis and aimed it at the tree, pinching it. He was panting very fast. Then he let go and a long yellow stream poured out his penis and hit the tree, splattering as it fell to the grass. Linus smiled as the long awaited relief finally washed over him and he looked down at the stream, sighing in relief.

Beside him, Sally pulled off all her clothes and peed. She looked down at the puddle she was making and glanced at Linus, blushing at the sight of his golden pee arcing and gushing out his penis. Linus chanced a glance at Sally and saw a stream pour out her slit. "She actually looks cute like that." He noticed his stomach also shrinking. He pushed on it and the stream increased. Finally, their streams slowed to a soft trickle and they pushed out the last spurts of pee in their bladders into the large foamy puddle they made together.

Linus adjusted his clothes as Sally stood naked. "I don't have anything to wipe with." She pointed at her vagina, still with pee on it. Linus thought. "Here." He offered his sleeve and Sally wiped herself clean and got dressed. "You're so nice, Linus." She cozied up to him as Linus sighed. Meanwhile, Charlie Brown was walking home, thinking about the game. As he passed a few sprinklers, he realized he had to pee. "Good grief I have to use the bathroom." He ran, but soon stopped and had to hold his hands over himself.

Then he noticed the kite eating tree. He ran to it and looked both ways and peered out the other side. Seeing no one, he smiled and slid back behind the tree. He lowered the front of his pants and underwear and held his penis. Then Charlie Brown relaxed as his pee shot out his penis and hit the tree. After a minute, he was fully relieved and pulled up his underwear and pants, walking on. Schroeder was starting to feel uncomfortable. "That stupid drink. It didn't help us win and now I have to use the bathroom. Well, I guess I can pee on the wall."

Lucy had the same idea. As her desperation reached its highest, she came to the wall and had bent down, lifting her dress. She was surprised as Schroeder walked up. "I didn't think a girl would stoop to peeing on a wall."

"I just really have to go," said Lucy. "Well, me too. I normally wouldn't let you watch me, but I can't make it another step." Too desperate to care Lucy was watching, Schroeder pulled down his pants and underwear and aimed his penis at the wall. He sighed in relief as his stream flowed out and hit the wall. Lucy had an idea. "I can urinate like you." She stood and pulling her folds, a jet of pee shot from her slit, arched and went clear over the wall. "Impressive," said Schroeder, adjusting his stream. They stood back and Lucy showed her distance was as good as his. When they finished, Schroeder pulled up his underwear and pants. "I never thought a girl could pee standing like that."

"Won't you give me a kiss as a reward?" asked Lucy. "I will not," said Schroeder. "Then you can wipe me clean," said Lucy. Choosing the lesser of two evils, Schroeder wiped Lucy's vagina with his shirt then walked home. "It's a start," said Lucy.

Viloet had made it home as her desperation became unbearable. Without thinking, she pulled off her panties and sat on her top step, holding up her green dress and watched as her pee made a a yellow waterfall that cascaded down each step and pooled in the grass at the bottom. Patty was also had made it home, but found herself locked out. Desperate, she ran looking a spot to pee on. She noticed the inflatable pool filled with water. Deciding to use it, she stood over it, then worried someone might see.

She jumped in the water and tried to get her clothes off. Deciding it didn't matter anymore, she looked to make sure no was watching then relaxed. Patty sighed in relief as her pee emptied into her panties and dress, mixing with the water, warming it. She watched as a yellow, bubbly spot grew in front of her. Feeling relaxed from the warmth, Patty laid back and her stream went out the water before falling back down. Frieda was too desperate to try to walk home. When the others left the field, she sat on the bench, hiked up her dress, pulled her panties to the side, and peed onto the grass.

The next game was with Peppermint Patty's team. As usual, her team won. As they drank after their win, Peppermint Patty felt the need to use the bathroom. Excusing herself, she walked past Linus and Sally. "I have to go potty, Linus," said Sally. "Want to tinkle with me again?"

"I guess," said Linus. Charlie Brown also had to pee. Walking behind the fence, he held the sides of his pants and underwear and started to lower them. "Taking a whiz, huh, Chuck?" He was startled as Peppermint Patty walked up. He felt embarrassed as he noticed some of his backside was exposed. "That looks like fun. I'll join you," said Peppermint Patty. She stood next to Charlie Brown, pulled down her shorts and underwear, pulled her folds, and peed in an arc that hit the fence. Charlie Brown shrugged and surrendered to his body's instincts, making a stream as high as Peppermint Patty's. "Bet you didn't think a girl could whiz like a boy, huh, Chuck? Guess it means you like me, huh, Chuck?" Charlie Brown had no answer. Linus and Sally came up. "I didn't know baseball captains did this," said Linus. "Just a friendly whiz with friends," said Peppermint Patty. "You can join us with you want."

"Good, because I really have to tinkle now," said Sally. "Come on, my sweet babbo. When are we going to get a chance to go potty on a fence again?"

"Hello, big brother," said Sally, as she stood next to Charlie Brown, lifting her dress, lowered her panties and crotched down, peeing onto the grass. Linus stood next to Sally. He lowered his pants and underwear, pulled out his penis and hit the fence with his pee. He smiled at Sally. "Peeing outside is a sign you're a big girl," said Linus. He called down to Charlie Brown. "It was still a good game." Lucy and Schroeder came by and saw them. "I'm up for a little more standing practice," said Lucy. She went next to Linus, exposed her vagina and stood peeing. Schroeder walked up next to her and let out a fresh stream. Shermy walked by.

"Can I join you? I have to go too." He added his stream. At least my clothes can stay dry this time," said Patty, as she took her place next to Shermy, dropped her panties and held up her dress, peeing a foamy puddle that soaked the bottom of the fence post. Frieda came by, shrugged and went to stand next to Patty, tinkling as well. Violet also walked by. "Well, if everyone's doing it." She said nothing as she dropped her panties to her ankles and held her dress high up as her pee poured out her vagina onto the grass. Finally, Marcie came by and Peppermint Patty brought her to stand next to her. Marcie then lowered her shorts and panties and stood peeing as well as she could. The eleven kids then laughed, enjoying the fun of peeing outside and with friends as everyone peed in a line on the fence, making the largest puddle as the eleven spots came together and stretched out. For the first time, Charlie Brown's team, although having lost, had the most fun on the field they ever had

