Making the Grade

Author: Oneno5566

*000*2019-06-18 01:34

Hi guys. Just a brief introduction. I'm a long (long, long, long) time lurker here. I've been batting an idea around in my head and figured it might be worth writing down. Since I've got something together, I figured I'd make an actual contribution to this forum (as meager as it may be). I've never written fiction before, so I'm sorry if the story seems lost and rambling at points. I'm relying solely on two college composition courses and the collection of books I've read that were written by authors with skills far outmatching my own. I'm planning on two or three more parts for this story, so any feedback you have will be great.

Author's Note: If there is any field of study further from my own than fictional composition, its nursing, so I apologize if I say anything incredibly ridiculous in that regard. Please do not be too frustrated by my lack of research. It is fap-fiction after all

Part 1:

Emma Barnes stared absent-mindedly at the screen as Professor Welsh manipulated the slideshow from her podium at the front, left corner of the classroom. With near physical effort, Emma forced her focus back to the lecture. Emma knew she should be paying attention and taking notes, but she could not keep her mind from wandering. Nursing school had been the obvious choice for Emma. Elementary school and junior high had been a breeze for a girl of Emma’s intelligence, but in high school Emma discovered she had a mental block for lecture-heavy courses. Instead, Emma preferred courses that offered hands-on learning, such as labs and field trips. This, along with Emma’s compassion for others and repulsion at the idea of working a job that left her sitting at a desk for forty hours per week, naturally directed her to nursing school.

Emma’s first three years had been exactly as she had imagined: fast paced, practical learning with limited lecture time. Or rather this was the case, until Emma registered for a Geriatrics course as an elective to fill out the second semester of her Junior year. Emma, already showing signs of Senioritis by the beginning of her third year, figured a course on geriatrics would be an easy A, and the fact that Professor Welsh, Emma’s advisor and favorite professor, was teaching the course was all Emma needed to decide to add the course to her spring schedule. However, Emma had not realized that the course was 100% lecture based, dooming herself to thirty classes of agony spanning every Monday and Wednesday from 10:00 am to 11:30 for fifteen weeks.

So now Emma sat in the final class of the semester, twirling her shoulder length brown hair as she once again failed to maintain focus. Through the fog of her mind, Emma heard Professor Welsh speak the words “final exam”. Emma’s stomach flipped, and her day was instantly ruined by the reminder of the dreadful event that until this point had been successfully sealed in the “Future Emma’s Problem” file of her mind. Professor Welsh continued:

“As you know, your final will be next Wednesday, beginning at 10:00 am. You will be given two hours to complete the exam. Also, as a reminder, the final is cumulative, and I have posted a study guide highlighting the relevant materials for the exam. Lastly, there will be one last chance this semester for you to earn extra credit."

Emma had to restrain her outburst of excitement. To Emma, the only saving grace for this class had been Professor Welsh’s extra credit assignments. Professor Welsh gave the students the opportunity to work clinical hours, observe procedures, and attend events, requiring only a short report from the students to receive credit. Of course, Emma took advantage of every extra credit opportunity. Despite the points Emma racked up from her participation, she barely managed to clear the minimum passing grade of a 74. This final exam, for which Emma was wholly unprepared, would act as the deciding factor for her grade, so the news of one last extra credit opportunity was music to Emma’s ears.

“I have always felt that a successful caregiver cannot merely be sympathetic but must more importantly be empathetic,” Professor Welsh explained. “While we can debate for hours on the unreality of teaching empathy, I think much can be gained from sharing experiences. For this extra credit assignment, I hope to give you just a taste of the emotions our geriatric patients experience when they begin to lose the control most people take for granted. So, with this sentiment in mind, to receive extra credit you must simply wear an adult diaper to the final exam."

Professor Welsh allowed her final statement to hang in the air, and she was pleased to hear the absolute silence as the students of her class were so surprised by her assignment that they momentarily forgot to continue breathing.

Emma mentally confirmed that: 1. she had heard Professor Welsh correctly and 2. there was no way for her to misunderstand the statement. Once these boxes had been checked, Emma let go of any hopes of receiving any “saved by the bell” extra credit. It seemed her final grade would depend solely on her decidedly substandard notes. Wearing a diaper was just too embarrassing.

Sarah, Emma’s roommate and best friend since they met in their Freshman year of college, broke the silence by asking the question that was on everyone’s mind.

“Professor Welsh, how will you know if we… um… completed the assignment?”

“I will hold office hours after the exam. Anyone who wishes to receive extra credit may stop by, and we can have a brief private session where I can confirm you wore a diaper.”

This direct explanation was enough to prevent any further discussion of the extra credit assignment.

###

After class, Sarah walked with Emma to the parking lot.

Sarah asked, “Do you think you are going to do the extra credit assignment?”

“No, I can’t even imagine how embarrassing that would be!”

“That kind of seems to be the point…”

“Does that mean you will be participating?” Emma asked incredulously.

Sarah pondered this for a moment, then replied “Probably not. I’m at an 86 right now. No matter what I do, I’ll probably end up with a B, so why go through the trouble?”

Emma mumbled in agreement and attempted to change the subject. “Are we still on for the bar after the final next Wednesday?” she asked Sarah.

“Definitely. I’ve cleared my schedule for a straight 48 hours after Welsh’s final. I’m counting on needing a drink, or fifteen, after finals. How about you?”

"All clear. Just one hellish week of studying and finals, then I can take a breath.”

“And a few shots,” Sarah added.

“We’ll see.” Emma was not against alcohol, quite the contrary, actually, but she was still nervous when it came to liquor. Beer was usually enough to make her happily tipsy, and Emma feared she would lose control if liquor entered the picture.

“Yes, we will,” Sarah replied as the girls began to separate in search of their respective vehicles. They both worked weekdays as waitresses, Sarah on the afternoon shift, and Emma on the night shift, so despite sharing an apartment and similar class schedules, they rarely had the opportunity to carpool.

###

Emma was sitting at her desk flipping hopelessly through her insubstantial notebook to review the topics listed on her study guide. As she studied, Emma began to doubt her ability to pass the final exam. Her late-in-the-game motivation would prove to be too little, too late. Her lack-luster approach to the previous fourteen weeks left her with a daunting mountain of material to cover over the next six days. Emma wished she had a little buffer in her grade in case she bombed the final exam. With this thought, Emma realized she did have the chance to make that buffer, and with a relatively small time commitment.

“But I can’t do that. People would notice what I was wearing. And I would have to show Professor Welsh?! How would I be able to face her again?” Emma thought to herself. However, the more Emma studied, the more she realized she was going to need every point she could get. She could not afford to lose points just to save herself some embarrassment. Besides, wouldn’t it be more embarrassing to have to retake the course?

“Alright. I’ll do it. I need the points,” Emma decided. Then, another thought occurred to her. “Where will I get them? Oh no… I would have to buy them.” With that thought, Emma was back at square one. Emma could suffer the embarrassment of wearing one under her clothes where she at least had the chance that no one else would know, save for Professor Welsh, but that was unavoidable. But there was no way the store clerk, or any store patrons, would mistake her purchase for a pack of feminine pads. No. That was too much. Emma could not bear the humiliation.

Suddenly, Emma thought of a way to avoid the embarrassment. Emma, along with every one of her classmates, owned a few sets of scrubs to wear to class as required by the university. If Emma wore her scrubs to the store, anybody who saw her with her purchase would assume it was just for a patient.

It was final. For the first time in eighteen years, Emma would wear a diaper.

###

Emma was sitting in her car in the parking lot of the restaurant for which she waitressed. She took a few deep breaths.

“You can do this. Go in. Grab what you need. Pay and get out.” Emma made sure to bring some cash with her to make the process as quick and inconspicuous as possible. The only thing that could make this more embarrassing would be a credit card malfunction that attracted even more attention to her.

Emma quickly changed out of her work uniform and into her scrubs, a precarious operation to do in the front seat of your car. Emma completed the change without issue and made the short drive to the 24-hour pharmacy. Despite her previous pep-talk, Emma felt a wave of nervous energy wash over her as she pulled into the parking space. Her hands trembled as she put the car in park, turned the car off, and pulled the keys from her ignition. A cold sweat broke out over her back, and Emma was acutely aware of her heart pounding, both feeling it in her chest and hearing it in her ears. Ironically, Emma’s nerves affected her bladder as well, seemingly causing the organ to shrink to half its normal size, reminding Emma that she had neglected to pee before leaving work.

“Deep breaths, Emma,” she coached herself. “You are just making a quick stop at the store. People do this every day. You do this every day.”

It was not enough. Emma put her keys in the ignition and was about to start the car when she thought of her grades.

“No. My schooling is too important. I can’t risk my grades to dodge a quick trip to the grocery store.”

Before she could change her mind, Emma pulled her keys from the ignition, got out of the car, and crossed the parking lot. Emma entered the pharmacy, located the correct aisle, and made her way to the entrance of the aisle. She took in the plethora of colored packages, each listing different genders, absorbencies, styles, colors, and uses, and promptly lost her resolve. Emma walked to the next aisle and pretended to be enamored with her options for toothpaste, all while internally battling to regain control. She knew she was walking queerly, like a cross between a zombie and a poorly-programmed robot. Emma’s sweat, jitters, and bladder also rejoined the play. Emma squeezed her thighs together, working toward some semblance of normalcy before sprinting to the bathroom. All at once, she found her strength.

“Emma, stop. There is no reason for you to be this nervous. Nobody even cares what you buy.”

This thought had an instant calming effect. Emma confidently walked to the previous aisle and straight to the adult diapers. She picked up the first pack that was clearly labeled as adult diapers, taking time enough only to check the sizing chart. Emma took the package to the front of the store, placed it on the counter (thankful there was no line), and felt her mouth go dry as the weary-faced, middle aged woman behind counter looked first to Emma, then to the diapers, then to Emma again. This was it. The clerk was about to begin the interrogation that haunted Emma’s thoughts of the entire process.

“Who are these for?”

“It is quite a coincidence that they are in your size.”

“Are you sure they’re not for you?”

Emma’s need to pee returned. Her bladder was unrelenting.

“Do NOT wet your pants, Emma,” she mentally instructed as a means of combatting her pressing bladder. “You haven’t wet your pants since you were in pullups, and you are not about to break that streak now.” Emma moved closer to the counter, allowing her to squeeze her crotch out of the clerk’s sight. The clerk prepared her opening salvo of questions.

“Cash or credit, hun?”

Emma felt she had prepared brilliantly for her defense, only to be dumbfounded by the first assault. Slowly, Emma processed the question and found she knew the answer.

“Cash, please.” Emma found the words hard to form with her dry, swollen tongue.

There was an awkward moment as Emma and the clerk just stared at each other. Finally, Emma realized she must produce the aforementioned currency. Emma took another moment to ask her bladder if she could borrow the hand currently keeping her pants dry in order to complete the transaction. Her bladder agreed, on the condition that both thighs worked double-time to replace the hand. Having missed the transaction total during her inner monologue, Emma removed a twenty-dollar bill from her scrub pocket, hoping it would be enough. It was. The clerk returned a sparse amount of change along with a receipt, both of which Emma neglectfully shoved into her pocket. Once her item was bagged, Emma took her purchase and left the store.

Replacing her nerves was a rush of adrenaline as Emma began to grasp that she had actually done it. She deposited her purchase in the trunk of her car and slipped into the driver’s seat. She started the car and decided she would allow herself a moment to gather herself. Suddenly, the entire car was filled with a shrill alarm. Emma jumped, her frayed nerves reaching their breaking point. Her bladder regarded her lack of attention as a breach of contract and promptly released. Emma felt warmth fill her crotch. The foreign feeling took her a moment to recognize, and by then it was nearly too late. She clamped both hands to her crotch to stem the flow. Emma quickly regained control, but not before she felt a spot of warm wetness spread across the crotch of her scrubs and several trickles of pee make their way beneath her to soak into her panties around her bottom.

Her bladder momentarily appeased, Emma answered the phone call that was the spark for the disaster.

“Hello?”

“Hey, Emma. I’m feeling a midnight snack. Do you mind picking something up?” Sarah asked.

Emma thought of the rapidly cooling dampness in her pants.

“I’m actually just ready to get home. How about delivery?”

“Chinese?”

“Sounds good. Just grab some random stuff. We’ll mix and match.”

“Okay. I’ll see you when you get home.”

End of Part 1.

###

I hope you enjoyed. Once again, I'd appreciate any feedback. You've got a hardcore newbie here.

*003*2019-06-18 20:01

Hi guys. Thanks for the feedback. I felt inspired and got Part 2 cranked out. The next two parts will probably be a little more spaced. As always, feedback is appreciated. Enjoy.

Part 2:

Emma was frozen in disbelief. All the phrases for what had just happened ran through her mind. She wet herself. She peed in her pants. She had an accident.

She had an accident. That was the phrase that hit Emma the hardest. Emma was an only child, one who had not wet her pants since she was in pullups. She was in regular underwear by the time she was 3. Nobody had used the phrase “had an accident” in her house for as long as she could remember, but now this phrase precisely described what had just happened to the 21-year-old college junior sitting in the parking lot of a 24-hour pharmacy.

Emma realized she needed to do something about her pee-soaked clothes. She wasn’t sure what the damage to her seat was, but she knew she wanted to minimize it. Emma looked around to make sure the parking lot was clear, then slowly opened her door and stepped out of her car. Emma did not see a stain when she looked down to her dark gray cloth seats and confirmed her seat’s safety with the back of her hand. With her seat pee-free, Emma turned her attention to herself. She had not peed completely, not even close, but her bladder seemed to be under control now. With her nerves back in check, her bladder returned to business as usual.

Emma needed to change back into her work uniform. This had always been the plan, otherwise Sarah would question why she had switched back to her scrubs after work. She got into the backseat this time, hoping she had enough room to avoid sitting until she had her wet clothes off. When Emma pulled down her pants, she could not help but to inspect the damage, following the will of some morbid fascination with the humiliating event. At a glance, her black scrub pants hid her shame. When Emma looked closely, she could see a darker patch an inch wide and three inches long that followed the center seam of her pants. Her panties were a different story. The “sensible”, full cut, blue panties she had chosen to wear this morning took the brunt of her accident. The crotch of her panties prominently displayed the indignity with a dark blue patch whose source was unmistakable.

When Emma removed the panties, she saw the wetness had indeed spread to her bottom, but the full cut panties and the durable material of her scrub bottoms had protected her seat. Emma dried herself with the leg of her scrub pants. This act accomplished little but still made Emma fell better hygienically. She donned the black leggings she wore for work, marking the night with another first, as Emma had never gone commando before. She finished by swapping her scrub top for the blue blouse that completed her work uniform. Emma rolled her panties and pants inside her scrub top, hoping to limit the lingering smell of urine. Finally, she was able to hop into the driver’s seat and leave the place that had delivered such a blow to her maturity.

Emma arrived at the apartment she shared with Sarah. She decided to leave the diapers in the car, planning to return for them when Sarah left for work the following day, but her misused scrubs needed to come inside to be washed. Luckily for Emma, Sarah was sitting on the sofa with her back to the door and watching her current Netflix binge show, offering only a brief shout over her shoulder as a means of greeting when she heard the door. Emma returned the greeting, mumbled something about being excited for pjs, and went straight to her room. She placed her scrubs in the hamper, chose her sleepwear for the night, and crossed the hall to the bathroom. In the bathroom, Emma peed, wiped herself down with soap and a washcloth, and changed into her pjs. She returned to her room to unite her work clothes with her scrubs before joining Sarah in the living room to wait for dinner.

###

The next couple days passed without note. Emma and Sarah spent the majority of their time studying, interrupted only by work, snack breaks, bathroom breaks, and sleep. Sarah never noticed Emma’s Wednesday night mishap, and with the evidence cleaned and neatly hung in the closet by Thursday afternoon, Emma saw no way Sarah should ever find out.

Saturday morning found Emma sleeping in until 10:00 am, when she woke up and elected to begin her daily studies from the safety of her bed. Emma felt more confident about her geriatrics final than she had two days prior. Sarah spent Thursday morning helping Emma fill in the blank spots in her notebook, and 24 hours with a completed notebook enabled Emma to start making connections she had missed during the lectures. So it was, with this renewed confidence, that Emma began to rethink her plan for the extra credit.

If I do well on the final exam, I don’t need the extra credit. Why risk any more embarrassment? God knows I had all the experience I could handle Wednesday night. Emma blushed just thinking about it. But I already bought the diapers. I don’t want to waste all that effort. I wish I could be sure that, besides Professor Welsh, nobody would find out if I wore one. As is always the result of her internal struggles, Emma had an idea and the plot moved forward. I could do a test run, here, in the apartment. I haven’t told Sarah that I’m doing the extra credit assignment. If I wear one today and Sarah doesn’t notice, I know I can get away with it during the final when everyone’s attention should be occupied anyway. If Sarah does notice, I’ll tell her my whole plan for the extra credit and then I’ll just forget the whole idea and hope my studying will be enough.

By this point it was after 11:00 am and Emma felt she should get out of bed anyway. After a quick trip to the bathroom, Emma returned to the room to begin her test run, thinking No time like the present. With growing trepidation, Emma moved toward the closet, the home of her diapers since Thursday afternoon. She tore the top of the pack, removed one, and returned the rest to their hiding spot. Emma walked to her bed and sat down, all while staring at the diaper in her hand. She had seen and held an adult diaper before. Professor Welsh shared the “tools of the trade” with her class during a lab/lecture that gave her students the chance to handle and identify various tools spread throughout the room. This was different though, because this diaper was not an abstract idea used to represent the multitude of skills all nurses must have.

This diaper was her diaper. She was going to wear it. This diaper was going to be around her waist, between her legs, and under her pants. Emma felt the beginnings of the nervousness she felt at the pharmacy and allowed herself a pat on the back for having already emptied her bladder. She calmed herself with the knowledge that it was just Sarah, and Sarah would never hurt her. With a deep breath, Emma unfolded the diaper, placed it on the bed, removed her pants and panties, and sat down on the diaper.

Although Emma had never put a diaper on anyone before, especially not herself, they had reviewed the diapering process in class, and Emma managed with little issue. Once complete, Emma stood up and looked down at herself. She thought she would look childish, but the thick, plain white diaper looked too utilitarian for that. Instead, she felt embarrassed by the implied lack of bladder control. Emma picked up her pajama pants and, figuring the thick material and loose fit would be the best to conceal her underwear, put them on.

Emma walked to her mirror, extremely aware of the soft thickness between her legs. To her horror, she heard a chshh, chshh, chshh sound as she walked. She was worried about people seeing her diaper, but she never thought about people hearing her diaper. Stop psyching yourself out. Nobody listens for other people’s underwear. And, if they did hear the noise, they would not assume it was the sound of a 21-year-old woman wearing a diaper. Emma made it to the mirror. She looked at herself from the front. Her crotch looked thicker. There was no denying that. But, with the loose fit of her pants, she just looked thick all around, not necessarily in the shape of a diaper. Looking from the peripheral, her butt was noticeably bigger, but a look from the rear confirmed that the loose pants portrayed a false sense of uniformity in the thickness. No square diaper butt.

Her confidence semi-renewed, Emma opened her bedroom door, entered the hall, and truly began her experiment. She saw Sarah sitting at the breakfast nook they called their dining room. I can’t do this. She’s going to know. Emma began to return to her room when Sarah said:

“Good morning.”

“Good morning.”

Damn. I can’t just leave now. Emma let out a deep sigh. It will be fine. Sarah has never done anything to hurt your feelings. If she notices, it will just be another great story in your relationship… One preferably not shared with others.

Emma went to the kitchen and removed a bowl and a glass from the cabinets. She filled the glass with orange juice and the bowl with cereal and milk before joining Sarah at the table. As Emma placed her bowl and glass on the table, she remembered the spoon and returned to the kitchen. Finally ready to eat, Emma lowered herself into the chair across from Sarah, keenly aware of the padding between her bottom and the seat. The roommates shared stories from the previous night’s waitressing adventures as they broke their fast. While cleaning up, Sarah said:

“My mind isn’t ready to study yet. Do you want to watch a movie with me before we hit the books?”

Emma, not needing much convincing to shirk studying, agreed. “Definitely.”

They settled on a mindless Will Ferrell comedy. Sometimes the senseless yelling and sex jokes are just the break the mind needs.

About halfway through the movie, Emma began to feel her orange juice make its way to her bladder. She determined she could wait a little longer, at least until a break in the action, and squeezed her legs together to help in the meantime. She was instantly reminded of her choice of underwear this morning. I can’t go to the bathroom in the middle of the movie. I’m going to have to remove the diaper, pee, and put the diaper back on. That will take too long, and Sarah will notice. I will just have to wait until the end of the movie.

So Emma waited. And waited. Luckily the glass of orange juice was the only liquid she drank this morning, and her bladder was filling slowly, so Emma was confident she could wait comfortably until the end of the movie. She was right, until the final scene, when hilarity ensued. On screen, the nonsensical violence and puns were coming in rapid succession, much like the finale of a fireworks display. Emma was laughing. Hard. She could feel the effect her laughter was having on her bladder and tried to sober up, only to hear another joke and have her fit redoubled. She clenched her legs as she felt her bladder press. Pee made its way down her urethra, preparing to spill into her pants. Still laughing, Emma buried her hands into her crotch. Sarah saw the sudden movement out of the corner of her eye and looked at her friend. Quickly understanding the situation, Sarah said, through her own laughter:

“Oh no, Emma! Are you going to pee?! Quick! Get to the bathroom!”

Emma, her face contorted in her fit of laughter, couldn’t respond. Instead, she shushed her friend and gripped her crotch even tighter. The padding of her diaper was limiting the effects of her efforts. Emma knew she could not move without wetting her pants. She sat there, clenching for her life and trying to stop the laughter. Gradually, she came back to reality, ending her fit in a few sputtering chuckles just as the movie ended and Sarah turned off the tv. The pressure in her bladder subsided, and, when her bladder returned to its full but contained state, Emma felt safe enough to remove her hands from her crotch.

“Did you pee?” Sarah asked laughingly.

“It was close, but no.”

“Really? Not even a sprinkle?”

“Nope,” Emma persisted honestly.

“Impressive. Usually if I’m at the crotch-grabbing phase I’m at least going to have to change my panties afterward.”

“TMI, Sarah,” Emma laughed. “I am going to go pee now though.”

Emma got up and passed Sarah to begin her trip to the bathroom. As she passed, Sarah gave her a hard swat on her butt, accentuated by a soft “poof” instead of the usual “smack.”

“I knew it!” Sarah exclaimed.

Emma turned beet red. “It’s not what you think. I’m thinking about doing Welsh’s extra credit, but I was worried, so I decided to do a test run before the final.”

“That is what I thought.”

“Oh… Please don’t make fun of me. I’m really worried about this final, and I really need the extra credit.”

“Emma, I wouldn’t make fun of you, at least not in a mean way. I was actually thinking about doing the extra credit as well.”

“You were?”

“Yep. I haven’t made up my mind yet, but it’s really not a big deal, so it’s almost like free points.”

“But it is a big deal. I have been driving myself crazy over this since Wednesday. How are you so calm about this?”

It was Sarah’s turn to blush. After a pause she said, “Emma, can I tell you a secret?”

“Of course,” Emma responded, sitting next to Sarah on the couch, her bladder forgotten.

“This extra credit assignment wouldn’t be the first time I wore a diaper in front of other people,” Sarah continued, beating around the bush.

Emma thought her friend was making a joke. “Me too. For a while, when I was two, I had to wear a diaper all the time. It was sooo embarrassing.”

“No. What I mean is…” Sarah paused, took a breath then blurted, “I used to wet the bed when I was younger. Like, after most kids stopped.”

“Oh… And, like, you wore… um…”

“I wore pullups at night. Then goodnites when I grew out of pullups.”

“Did anyone know?”

“No. Well my family knew, of course, but I never told any of my friends, and I kept it a secret at sleepovers.”

“Oh, Sarah, that must have been so hard for you.” Emma leaned in to hug her friend. The hug lasted for a minute, and when it broke, the serious atmosphere broke with it.

With the lightened mood, Sarah resumed. “So, you see, wearing a diaper in front of others isn’t a big deal to me. I hid that for over half my life.”

“Over half your life? How old were you the last time you wore a diaper?”

“…Fifteen.”

“Fifteen?! You were really stretching the meaning of ‘younger’.”

“Shut up!” Sarah laughed. “I actually stopped wetting the bed when I was fourteen, but I visited my aunt when I was fifteen, and she made me wear goodnites while I was there just to be safe.”

“Oh, well if you stopped at fourteen then that’s practically normal,” Emma joked.

“Come on. You’ve never wet the bed?”

“Not since I was out of pullups.”

“Me neither.”

Emma snorted. “That’s fair. But no, not since before I could remember.”

“Great. I wet the bed until high school, and you never wet the bed and never tinkled in your panties when you laughed.”

“Don’t be mad at me for my bladder control.”

“Honestly, you’ve never peed in your pants?”

Emma started to say “No,” but then she remembered what happened Wednesday night and stopped.

Sarah pounced on the opportunity. “I knew there was no way. Everybody pees in their pants at some point. Spill. I want all the gory details.”

“Fine. Last Wednesday – “

“’Last Wednesday’?” Sarah interjected. “You’re making fun of me wetting the bed at fourteen when you peed in your pants last Wednesday?!”

“Do you want to hear the story?”

“Okay. I’ll be quiet, but I want my say after your story.”

“So last Wednesday I decided I need the extra credit points, so I went to buy the diapers after work. I was so nervous that I forgot to pee before leaving work, and then I got even more nervous while I was shopping, which made me have to pee even more. I almost wet my pants in the store. I was holding myself at the counter and everything. But I made it out of the store and into my car, thinking I would be fine once I calmed down. Then you called,” Emma stopped and glared at Sarah.

Sarah missed the implication. “Where’s the part where you peed in your pants?”

“When you called… I was already on edge and… it scared me.”

“I made you pee your pants? And you talked to me on the phone while you were peeing?”

“No, it was only for a second. I stopped it before too much came out, then I answered the phone.

“That’s perfect. You peed in your pants while you were buying diapers.”

“I hadn’t failed to miss the irony either.” Emma wiggled and clenched her legs as her bladder reinserted itself into the conversation. “Talking about all this pee reminds me that I need to pee. I’ll be right back.”

Emma walked to the bathroom. Once inside, Emma pulled down her pants and began removing the tapes from the diaper. Counter to her expectations, the tapes did not remove cleanly, instead peeling the plastic off with them. Deciding the diaper was a lost cause, she threw it in the bathroom trash, sat on the toilet, and peed. Emma wiped, flushed, and, after a quick stop at her bedroom to add a pair of purple panties to her ensemble, returned to the living room and Sarah.

“What, no diaper?” Sarah asked as Emma entered the living room.

“No, there was no way to re-tape it once it was off… Is it that noticeable?”

“It was this morning. I knew when you walked by me in the kitchen.”

“Oh no,” Emma despaired.

“Don’t worry, it was the noise that gave it away to me. On the day of the final, try wearing some sort of compression shorts over top of the diaper. That’s what I used to do at sleepovers. It muffled the sound and hid the bulk a little too.”

“So you think I should do it?”

“What can it hurt?”

“My pride.”

“I don’t know why you think you had any to begin with.”

The roommates laughed and then settled down for some studying.

End Part 2.

###

*007*2019-06-21 07:21

Thank you for all the support! I managed to get part 3 together. Enjoy!

A/N: I started writing Emma's thoughts in Italics. I think it makes it a little easier to read, but I'm open to suggestions.

Part 3:

Tuesday morning found Emma and Sarah sharing a breakfast of coffee and buttered toast in the nook adjacent to their kitchen. With both girls having worked the day before, breakfast was a silent affair as the roommates allowed themselves the leisurely wake-up not often afforded to college students.

With the toast gone and the coffee mugs empty, the light breakfast came to an end. As the post-breakfast cleanup process began, Emma, feeling ready to face her day, broke the silence.

“So, we should probably talk about our plans for the next couple days.”

“Yeah, I was thinking that too… I’ve got work this afternoon, and then I’m going to Nicole’s to help her study for her eight o’clock final.” Sarah responded, referring to their mutual classmate.

“Nicole has two finals back-to-back?”

“Yep. She has stats first thing in the morning, with our geriatrics final right after. She really pulled the short straw on the finals schedule.”

“No kidding… Will you be staying at her place then?”

“Probably. Although, I was planning on carpooling with you tomorrow so we only have to take one car to the bar after the exam. Maybe I can swing by tomorrow morning and pick you up? Probably about 9. That’ll leave us time for a quick cram session at the school.”

“Sounds good to me.”

“Do you want to review one more time before I have to get ready for work?”

“Please.”

With their plans made, Emma and Sarah set about their studies. At noon Sarah showered and dressed, said her goodbyes, then left for work. Emma believed that the best way to perform well on an exam was to study hard until the last day and then give your mind a break. Following this strategy, she spent the rest of the afternoon watching mindless shows on Netflix. After her break, Emma got ready and left to complete her final shift for the week.

###

Emma was jolted from her sleep by the sound of her alarm clock. She did not usually need an alarm to wake up, but the final customer did not leave until almost 11:00 pm the previous night, which left Emma crawling into bed at 12:30 am. She let her hand fall on the snooze button, silencing the alarm, then stared groggily at the face of the clock, watching as it changed from 8:30 to 8:31. Emma continued this practice, perhaps momentarily drifting back to sleep, until the alarm renewed its endeavors at 8:35. This time she switched off the alarm and rolled out of bed. A quick trek across the hall took Emma to the bathroom, where she used the toilet, brushed her hair and teeth, and completed the other basic morning processes.

Returning to her room, Emma removed her pajamas, inattentively kicking them toward the hamper. She walked to her closet clad only in her beige panties, scooping a bra from her dresser drawer and hooking it in place on the way. Emma found her scrub top and pants where she had hung them last Thursday, when she had washed them after she had… Emma felt a blush rise in her cheeks. Definitely still not over that. But that does remind me, I’ve got an extra credit assignment to complete today. Emma pulled a diaper decisively from the open package. There was no time for her wishy-washy attitude today, and Saturday’s antics had confirmed the completion of the assignment. Emma clinically removed her panties and unfolded the diaper, trying to act as if this was a normal part of her day.

She placed the diaper on the bed and diapered herself in the same fashion as before. Her task quickly accomplished, Emma grabbed her scrub bottoms and had one leg in before remembering Sarah’s advice. Letting the pants drop to the floor, she went to her dresser with her bra and diaper on full display, hearing the dreaded chshh accompanying each step. Emma rummaged through her dresser, eventually finding her volleyball shorts. Though they are generally considered outerwear, she figured they would be perfect for the task. Emma pulled the spandex shorts on over her diaper and looked down at herself.

Unlike her pajamas, the normally skintight shorts left no doubt as to what was hidden beneath. Crossing the room back to her scrubs, Emma was pleased to notice that the sounds of her underwear were indeed stifled. She finished dressing in her blue scrub top and black scrub pants and checked the time. 8:50, barely enough time to have some toast before heading out. It wasn’t exactly brain food, but it would have to do. Just then, Emma received a text from Sarah.

Sarah: On my way. I’ve got coffee and sandwiches. Meet me outside in five.

Emma: Thanks! Be right out.

Emma grabbed her backpack and walked outside, the thought of a surprise coffee making her forget to be embarrassed about wearing a diaper in public. Sarah pulled into the parking lot and parked sideways across a few spaces, not bothering to shut off her car. Emma ran to the passenger door and got in.

“Thanks so much! I was just about to try to be excited about some dry toast when you texted me,” Emma told her friend as she received her coffee and sandwich.

“No problem. I stopped at the store near the coffee shop anyway.”

“What did you need from the store?”

Sarah offered her a sly smile and replied, “I couldn’t let you be alone.” Sarah slid down the waistband of her scrub bottoms, revealing a mesh-like underwear with the beginnings of a pad showing at the top of the crotch, betraying the underwear’s intended purpose.

“You’re wearing a diaper?!”

“Well a pullup really, but it is for adults.”

“That’s cheating.”

“Hey, I knew I’d be changing in the public bathroom of the coffee shop, so I needed something easy. Besides, I bought the thickest ones I could find.”

“Well, jokes aside, I really do appreciate the support.”

“No problem… You are wearing yours, right?”

Emma patted her crotch, allowing the telltale “poof” to answer Sarah’s question.

“Awesome. Nicole’s going to wear one too. I’ve got one for her in my bag. She’ll change right before our final.”

“You’re the best. I was worried I’d be standing outside Welsh’s office all alone, telling everyone that I’m the only person dumb enough to wear a diaper.”

“Well, there will be at least three of us, but I don’t know if that says more or less about our intelligence.”

The friends laughed, and Sarah began the drive to the school.

###

It was 9:30 by the time Emma and Sarah made it to the small study lounge on the same floor as their classroom. The coffees and sandwiches were gone by then, consumed during the ride to the school. The girls found the study lounge empty when they arrived.

“Wasn’t Nicole supposed to meet us here?” Emma asked.

“Thought so. She must be wrapping up her stats final. We can study while we wait.”

They pulled out their notes and did a brief review of the materials. At 9:45, Nicole still had not shown, and Sarah began to pack up.

“We’d better leave. Welsh locks her door at 10:00, and I have to pee before we start.”

“Yeah, me too,” Emma replied.

They walked to the public bathroom located between the lounge and the classroom in which their final would take place. Emma was able to forget what she was wearing while she was sitting and focused on her studies, but walking immediately reminded her of the padding between her legs. This prompted a horrifying realization. She couldn’t put the diaper on once it was removed. If she took it off now, she wouldn’t get her extra credit.

“Sarah.”

“What?”

“I can’t… take this off,” Emma said, gesturing toward her lower waist.

“Why… Oh. Do you have to pee?”

Emma assessed her bladder. She did not have to pee, but she would be able to, and she always peed before an exam. “Not really have to pee, but the exam is two hours long. What should I do?”

“Get done early.”

“Thanks.”

“I don’t really know, Em. The choices are kind of clear. You can take that off and pee now or hold it and get your extra credit.”

Emma considered this. “I can hold it.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes. I’ve got this. I need the extra credit.”

“Okay, well don’t be offended, but I’m still going to pee.” Sarah entered the restroom to do just that. When Sarah was finished, the girls walked together to the classroom, where they waited for Nicole. It was getting close to 10:00 by this point, and there was still no sign of Nicole. At 9:57, just as the two were about to give up on their classmate, Nicole rounded the corner out of breath.

“Nicole! I was getting worried about you,” Sarah greeted.

“I know. That stats final was way harder than I thought.”

“I’ve got your extra credit if you still want it.”

“Thanks, but I don’t think there’s time. I haven’t even peed, but I don’t think I have a choice.”

Nicole was right. The second hand on the clock outside the classroom had just started its final rotation of the nine o’clock hour. The trio entered the classroom and took their seats. Sarah and Emma sat at the same table with one seat between them. Nicole sat directly ahead of Sarah, sharing a table with a male classmate none of them knew.

At precisely 10:00, Professor Welsh shut and locked the door. She walked to her podium and picked up an intimidatingly thick stack of papers. “Thank you for your punctuality. I do not want to waste too much of your time, so I will give some brief instructions while I hand out the exams. Please wait to begin until everyone has received their exam.” She began to make her way around the classroom, placing an exam facedown in front of each student.” You will have fifty multiple choice and four short answer questions. The first thirty-five multiple choice questions are single answer multiple choice. Please choose the best answer.

The final fifteen multiple choice questions are multiple-multiples. You must choose all correct answers. There will be no partial credit for incomplete or partially correct answers. The short answer questions should be answered in six to ten sentences each. Exams must be turned in before you leave this classroom. Just raise your hand when you are finished, and I will come to collect your exam. Please ensure you have printed your name and signed the exam before you leave. There will be no returning to the classroom after you have left. I will be here until 12:00. Students who have completed the extra credit can meet me at my office shortly after. Are there any questions?”

By this point in her speech, Professor Welsh had delivered the exams and repositioned herself at the podium. After a quick scan for raised hands, she continued, “Okay, you may begin.”

There was a flurry of papers as a classroom of students simultaneously turned their exams over. Emma quickly skimmed the instructions of the cover page, printed and signed her name at the bottom, turned to the first page, and began her exam. She read the first question and her heart sank. It was complete gibberish. Emma felt like crying. All this hard work and she was stumped on the first question. She reread the question, ready to pick “A” for every answer and hope for the best. To her surprise, on her second look, she found she had misread the question the first time and that she actually knew the answer.

Delighted, she continued to the second question, where the answer successfully jumped to her mind before she even read through her options. For the first twenty minutes, Emma worked diligently through the exam. She was able to quickly answer most questions encountered. As she completed the eighteenth question, Emma was distracted by movement out of the corner of her eye. She looked up to see Nicole had her legs crossed and was wiggling the upper leg. She looks like she really needs to pee. Emma’s own bladder panged in sympathy. She nervously thought of the coffee she had before the exam, noticing that it was filling her bladder much faster than she would like. I’ll be fine. I only had one coffee. With this thought, Emma returned her attention to her exam.

Emma did not look up again until she completed the final single answer question. She took a breath. The exam was going much better than she had expected. She looked at the clock. It was 10:45. Okay, not bad. Figure half an hour for the multiple-multiples and ten minutes per short answer, with a little bit of wiggle room. Emma’s short break gave her bladder a chance to make itself known. It was getting uncomfortably full, to the point where Emma would have gone to the bathroom if she had access. She wondered how Nicole was holding up but decided she did not need to see more desperation. Emma squeezed her legs for a little comfort and went back to work.

Twenty minutes later, Emma finished the final multiple-multiple. God, I hate those. Then, looking up at the clock, 11:15, right on schedule. Just then, she heard a gasp ahead of her. She looked up in time to see Nicole thrust a hand into her crotch and strain for a moment. As Emma watched, Nicole removed her hand from her crotch and looked down at her lap, quickly replacing her hand. She must really need to pee to be holding herself in the middle of the classroom. Emma’s own situation was quickly becoming urgent. The coffee seemed to be filling her bladder faster as time went on. Emma was now constantly pressing her legs together. She also occasionally had to fidget, but she tried to keep this to a minimum because she noticed she could her a soft rustle from her diaper from the sudden movements. The best thing to do is focus on the exam. The sooner I get done, the sooner I can focus on my bladder. Emma began the short answer portion of the exam.

Emma moved quickly through the short answers. She paused after completing the third question to look at the time. 11:40. I’ve got this. The only problem was that Emma was now desperate for a bathroom. She knew she could hold on longer, but the pressure in her bladder was growing. She had given up trying to control her fidgeting and had even grasped her crotch a few times to alleviate the pressure. A look at Nicole told Emma she was far worse. Nicole had her free hand in her crotch, her legs crossed over her hand, and she was crouched over in an effort to contain her pee. Nicole completed her final short answer question, flipped through her exam to blindly circle some unanswered questions, then closed her exam. She raised her hand high and even waved it a little to get Professor Welsh’s attention. Professor Welsh saw the hand and made the trip across the classroom.

After a quick review of the exam, Professor Welsh said, “Thank you. You may leave whenever you are ready.”

Nicole quickly stood up from her seat, not even bothering to take her hand from her crotch. She half ran, half hobbled from the classroom, her bursting bladder keeping her from standing fully.

Nicole’s scene did nothing to help Emma’s condition. Emma, or rather Emma’s bladder, decided that her free hand would need to hold her crotch for the rest of the exam. She looked back to her exam to finish her final question. Ten minutes later, she was done. A cursory review of her exam was all Emma’s bladder would allow. At 11:57, Emma raised the hand that was not holding her crotch. At the same time, Sarah raised her hand. Professor Welsh walked to their table, reviewed their exams, and dismissed them.

Emma stood slowly, freezing and crouching halfway up as she felt her pelvic muscles spasm. This was a level of desperation Emma had never felt before. The fullness in her bladder had turned to pain. She could feel how her lower belly was swollen and hard beneath the waistband of her diaper. Her dignity taking a backseat to her desire to keep her pants dry, Emma kept her hand in her crotch as she took slow, mincing steps out of the room. Sarah was waiting for her outside.

“Are you okay?” Sarah asked as Emma approached.

“I can’t hold it, Sarah. I’m going to pee in my pants.”

“I know how desperate you are. I’m dying to go and I got to pee before the exam. Just a quick stop at Welsh’s office, then we’ll get you to a toilet. I’ll carry you if I have to.”

“Okay.” Emma took a deep breath. “You’re right. I can do this.”

But as they started the short journey to Professor Welsh’s office, Emma knew she did not have a chance. She was having flashbacks to leg day during volleyball season. At the end of a hard session, her legs would have a rubbery, almost numb feeling to them. For the following 24 hours, just the act of standing was a struggle. This was the same feeling she had presently, only now it was her pelvic muscles instead of her legs. Sarah and Emma made it to Professor Welsh’s office, where Emma took up a pee dance along with both hands between her legs in a vein attempt to stay dry. Sarah even fell into a modest dance of her own. The duo were the first to arrive at Professor Welsh’s office, but a few other students arrived as the clock approached noon. Emma blushed as her dance persisted despite the new arrivals, but her only other choice was to let it go.

A couple minutes after noon, the hall flooded with students as all ten o’clock finals ended. Through the crowd, Emma saw Professor Welsh at the door to the classroom, waiting as the students filed out, planning to lock the door when the room was empty.

Emma had another flashback to leg day. She was working on her sixth set of squats. She was feeling the fatigued numbness in her legs as she began the set. Now, on the way up from her fourth squat, her weary legs momentarily gave. Emma caught herself, and finished the rep.

Emma waited anxiously for Professor Welsh to lock the classroom and make her way down the hall. Suddenly, she lost feeling in her lower muscles. Before she could register what happened, she heard a brief hiss and felt a slight vibration through her diaper. Emma’s muscles clamped shut again, regaining control. Did I… I think I just peed a little. The thick diaper had quickly absorbed the leak, so Emma did not feel any wetness to help identify her accident, but she knew she had lost control for a second.

Professor Welsh walked into the entryway of the classroom and made sure it was empty. She then shut the door and put her key in the lock.

Leg day: She didn’t know how, but she had pushed through five more reps. Her legs spasmed several times on the way, but she had done it. At the top of the ninth rep, Emma knew her legs were finished, but she was so close to completing the set. She was going to finish this set. Just one more rep. On her way down, she lost nearly all feeling in her legs. At the bottom, she rested, as much as one can rest at the bottom of a squat, and then rallied her muscles for one final push. She made it about two inches, and she knew her legs were giving for the final time. She slammed the squat bar in its lock just before she collapsed to the mat.

Emma saw Professor Welsh locking the door. Just hold on a little longer. She felt that brief lapse of control again. The vibration was accompanied by a spot of wet warmth that pressed against her skin. Once again, her muscles regained control. Her brain was sending the signal to all muscles to clench, but exhaustion was causing lapses in her control.

Professor Welsh turned to walk down the hall.

Emma lost control again before clamping down. I don’t know if I can keep this up. The lapses came in quick succession, letting out short, hard sprays into her diaper. Spurt. Spurt. Spurt. Emma was doing everything she could to regain control, but she still felt the warmth begin to spread across her crotch. No. I can’t… can’t… just stand here and wet myself. Her body disagreed, but Emma continued fighting. Spurt. Spurt. Spurt. Spurt.

Professor Welsh was approaching the group.

It was too much. Emma let out another spurt, found control a final time, then lost it for good. Her drained muscles gave out, releasing the pent-up contents of her bladder. While the spurts were small enough for the diaper to absorb the moment they escaped Emma's tortured muscles, the strong, steady stream now pouring from Emma was too much for the diaper to absorb immediately. Emma felt a small pool form between her legs. At the same time, the design of her diaper began to distribute the urine. She felt warmth simultaneously creep up her bottom and toward her front. Emma, no longer concerned with staying dry, had the new worry of overflowing her diaper, but she had used all her strength to hold everything up to this point. She could only hope and pee.

Professor Welsh had arrived. “Thank you for waiting. I’m just going to lock these tests away, then I will bring you in one-by-one.” She unlocked her office and entered, closing the door behind her.

Emma peed through Professor Welsh’s greeting. The padding around her front and bottom was soaked despite her standing position, and the diaper was beginning to sag between her legs, but she could feel her bladder reaching empty, and the puddle the diaper held against her was shrinking for the first time since she lost all control. Emma was about to remove her hands from her crotch, thinking there was no reason for them to be there now, but then she thought it might look suspicious to her classmates if she was desperate to pee one second, and fine the next. She resolved to act desperate for now. A few seconds later, her bladder was empty. Emma was afraid to look down, but she rubbed her thighs together and did not feel any wetness.

Professor Welsh opened her door. “I am ready for the first student.”

“Go ahead, Em,” Sarah whispered. “Make a dash to the bathroom as soon as you’re out. I’ll catch up.”

Too late, thought Emma. She entered the office and Professor Welsh closed the door behind her.

“Hi, Emma,” Professor Welsh said with a smile. “I wasn’t surprised to see you outside my door. You’ve always been enthusiastic about these assignments.”

Emma offered a smile and a weak “Yeah” in return.

“Okay, I just need you to drop your pants and you can be off to your vacation.”

Emma froze. She was hoping she wouldn’t have to take her pants all the way off. “Can’t I just show you the waistband?”

“I know it’s a little uncomfortable, but I make all students do this for extra credit.”

Emma contemplated just walking out. No. Not after all I’ve done. I bought the diapers. I wore the diapers. I PEED in the diapers. Dammit, I’m getting my extra credit. And she dropped her pants, undershorts and all, then stared ahead, refusing to look down at her swollen diaper.

“Thank y-… Oh my.” Professor Welsh blushed deeper than Emma. “I think… I think that will do. Thank you, Emma.”

Emma pulled up her pants and left the room. She remembered to return her hand to her crotch on the way out. She trusted Professor Welsh not to share the news of her accident, but she really did not need her classmates knowing she had peed in front of them. The diaper squished beneath her hand and between her legs as she walked to the bathroom. She pushed the door and almost ran face-first into it when it did not budge. Then she saw the sign. “Closed for cleaning.” Just as Emma turned around, Sarah exited Professor Welsh’s office, holding her crotch and doing the same dance Emma was pretending to do.

“I’m glad I got the extra credit, but I reeeally need to pee now,” Sarah said as she approached.

“This one’s closed.”

“You’ve got to be kidding.”

“No, but I think there’s a handicap one on the other side of this floor.”

“Let’s hurry, or I’m going to be glad I wore this diaper for another reason.”

They took off in search of another bathroom, both girls with hands between their legs, one to maintain appearances, and one to maintain dryness. It did not take long for the friends to reach the handicap bathroom. Sarah reached it first and opened the door to reveal a single use bathroom.

“Crap.” Sarah gripped herself tighter, thought for a moment, then said, “Emma, you go first. I know you’ve been holding it longer.”

“No, you go ahead.” Emma did not want to explain her situation in the hallway.

“Em, you need to hurry or I’m not going to be able to hold it.”

“Seriously, you go first.”

“No, y-…” Sarah was cut off when Emma grabbed her arm, pulling both of them into the bathroom, closing and locking the door behind them.

“What are you –“

“I peed my pants already,” Emma explained. “I don’t need the toilet anymore. Just pee before you wet your pants too.”

“You… What… Never mind.” Sarah yanked down her pants and pullup in one go and sat on the toilet. Not even a moment after her butt met the seat, a hard stream of pee hit the water below, which Sarah chose to harmonize with a long “aaaaah.”

End of part 3

