Making the Grade

Author: Oneno5566

*012*2019-06-26 08:37

Good morning, guys. I just wanted to start off by saying thanks for all the support. It might sound corny, but it means a lot to a first-time writer. That being said, I've got good news (i think it's good, anyway) and I've got bad new. The good news is that I started writing what I originally planned to be the final part, and it ending up being twice as long as the other parts. I decided to split the final part, so this story will now have five parts! The bad news is the fourth part ended up with a little less "action" than I planned. There should still be enough to keep everyone happy :). Enjoy!

Part 4:

Sarah’s stream finally came to an end nearly half a minute later.

“I have never had to pee so bad in my life,” Sarah said as she finished emptying her bladder and wiped herself clean.

“Yeah, me neither,” Emma sulked in reply.

“Well,” Sarah said while inspecting her pullup, “if it makes you feel any better, I definitely lost a squirt when you pulled me into the bathroom.” Apparently deciding the damage was minimal, Sarah pulled her underwear up, followed by her scrub bottoms.

Emma watched Sarah finish dressing, trying to ignore the soggy padding between her own legs. “I really need to change. Can you take me home?”

“I can, but there’s no cover charge at the bar before 2:00. If we go home now, we’ll probably miss it. Are you able to clean up here?”

Emma thought about this. “I mean, I guess I could. I did wear my volleyball shorts, so I can just use those as underwear. Can you soap up some paper towels while I get this thing off?”

“Sure.”

Emma had undressed in front of Sarah before. Being roommates for three years allowed a certain level of comfortableness to grow between the girls. Emma pulled down her scrub bottoms. Beneath her shorts, the diaper had swollen with the contents of her bladder. Emma pulled down her shorts and got her first look at the results of her accident. The first thing she noticed was yellow. The diaper she put on this morning had been a plain, functional white, but the diaper she stared at now was colored pale yellow throughout. The discolored crotch of the garment hung heavy with pee, and Emma could see how the urine had spread up the front of the diaper, soaking the padding to the top.

Sarah finished preparing the paper towels, turned off the tap, turned around, and took in the sight of her best friend standing in a soaked diaper. She couldn’t help but giggle.

“I’m sorry, but geez, you really didn’t save anything for the toilet, huh?”

“It was your fault. If you hadn’t bought me a coffee, I wouldn’t have had to pee so badly.” Emma angrily tore at the tapes of her diaper. She removed one tape on each side of the diaper and immediately felt it shift.

“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t poke fun. It’s okay, Em, these things happen sometimes. Trust me, I should know.” Seeing Emma struggle with the tapes, Sarah asked, “Do you need help?”

Emma wanted to refuse, but she could not see how to remove the tapes without letting the diaper spill into her crumpled pants below her. She had been able to remove Saturday’s experimental diaper without an issue, but the current pee-laden diaper was much heavier.

“I guess…”

“What should I do?”

“Can you, like, hold it so it doesn’t fall?”

“Uh… yeah.” Sarah walked closer to Emma. “Where should I, um, put my hands?”

“Underneath, I guess. I don’t really see how else to do it.”

“Okay, but you better have no doubts about who your best friend is after this.”

Sarah slowly moved her hands between Emma’s legs. She placed one hand on Emma’s rear, in line with the crease of her butt. The other hand Sarah placed on the front of Emma’s crotch. Although she did not have sexual feelings for other girls, Emma still felt her skin tingle at touch in her sensitive areas.

“Okay, I’m ready,” Sarah said once her hands were in place.

Emma tore the remaining tapes from the front of the diaper. Sarah’s hands fell slightly as the diaper lost the support of Emma’s waist, but she steadied her hold and then drew the diaper from between Emma’s legs. Sarah took the diaper to the large trashcan in the corner of the bathroom and dropped it in, not bothering to ball it. She then grabbed the soapy paper towel from the sink and returned to Emma. Emma wiped herself clean, dried with a second paper towel provided by Sarah, then pulled her shorts up. The instant her shorts were up, Emma felt a cool wetness on the inside of her thighs, and she took her shorts back down.

Seeing this, Sarah asked, “What’s wrong?”

“I think the diaper leaked a little.” A quick inspection confirmed her suspicions. There was a small wet patch down each leg of the shorts. “I can’t wear these. I’m sorry, Sarah, but we’ll have to go home. I can’t go all night without underwear.”

“Did your pants get wet?”

Emma felt the crotch and legs of her pants. “No, it looks like they were loose enough to stay clear.”

“In that case, I might have a spare pair of underwear that you can wear.”

“You do?”

“Sort of… Nicole didn’t do her extra credit.”

###

“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this.”

The girls sat in the front seats of Sarah’s car. They had left the school ten minutes before and were just pulling into the parking lot of the local college bar.

“I don’t know what you’re so worried about.”

“I just finished changing the diaper I peed in this morning. I peed so much that I peed through the diaper and into my only pair of underwear. Now, instead of going home, you have me in yet another diaper that –“

“It’s a pullup.”

“Whatever. Now I’m supposed to wear this pullup to a bar where half our class will be.”

“Emma, relax. It’s a pullup, not a diaper. Nobody could tell you were wearing a diaper under your scrubs this morning, so they definitely won’t know about the pullup. It goes up and down, so, if you don’t pee in them, you can just pretend they’re normal underwear.”

“Sarah,” Emma growled.

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Last joke for the night. I promise I won’t bring it up while we’re out… Besides, I’m still wearing mine too. You won’t be alone. We’ll get a few drinks in you, and you’ll forget all about it.”

Emma sighed. “Okay, let’s go.”

They got out of the car and walked into the bar. The security guard checked and scanned their IDs before letting them through. The bar was just one large room, plus a set of bathrooms in the corner. During the summer, the establishment acted as a normal bar, but they catered to the college students during the rest of the year, creating more of a club atmosphere. In reality, the owners just hired a DJ and dimmed the lights, but the students seemed to be fooled, especially with the aid of copious amounts of alcohol. Emma and Sarah crossed the wooden dance floor to reach the bar.

“What can I get you?” The bartender asked as the girls approached.

“Two shots of vodka, and two Woo-woos, please,” Sarah answered expertly.

“Sure thing.”

“Sarah, I don’t want to drink too fast,” Emma told her friend.

“It’ll be alright. This shot is just to get us started.”

The bartender had poured the two shots by this point. Sarah picked both up and handed one to Emma.

“To making it through finals. Just one year to go!”

They “clinked” the plastic cups and downed the shots. When the bartender returned with the remaining drinks, Sarah handed him her credit card.

“Do you want to start a tab?”

“Yes, please,” she answered, then turned to Emma. “We’ll work out the bill tomorrow.”

“Sounds good.”

The girls walked to the far side of the room where a small grouping of tables and chairs were located.

“What is a Woo-woo, anyway?” Emma asked as they sat down.

“It’s like a vodka-cranberry, except its one of those mysterious drinks that uses extra liquor to hide the alcohol flavor. Try it.”

Emma took a taste, and found it tasted like a homemade fruit punch. “This is great!”

“I told you you’d like it.”

“Is Nicole still coming? I know it’s still early, but I figured she wouldn’t be too far behind us,” Emma asked.

“I think so.” Sarah scanned the small crowd of students that had formed already. It was a tradition at their university for the students to go straight to this bar, scrubs and all, on their last day of finals. Sarah saw ten or fifteen of their scrub-clad classmates, but none that looked like Nicole. “Yeah, I don’t see her. I wonder where Nicole is.”

“You must be blind. I’m right here.”

Emma and Sarah turned to see Nicole approaching from the bar, carrying a drink of her own.

“You made it!” Sarah exclaimed. “This calls for another shot!”

Nicole smiled, placed her drink on the table, and said, “Way ahead of you.” She returned to the bar and came back with three small cups.

The trio raised their cups in a toast, then downed the drinks simultaneously. Emma was beginning to feel the warm flush of alcohol, and decided she was going to milk her drink for a while. She also noticed that, counter to tradition, Nicole was dressed in a tight pink shirt and skinny jeans.

“Hey, why aren’t you wearing your scrubs?” Emma asked.

Nicole blushed and shushed Emma. She then leaned over the table and said, “You guys can’t tell anyone, okay?”

The other two nodded in agreement.

“I peed in them.”

“What!” both Emma and Sarah exclaimed.

“Shhh… I didn’t get the chance to pee before Welsh’s final. I had to go so bad I was wriggling and holding myself. I thought I could hold it until the end of the exam, but then I peed a little on accident. I knew I couldn’t wait, so I quickly finished the essay questions and guessed on a few multiple choice questions. I raised my hand to turn in the exam, and as I waited for Welsh to take it, I thought I was going to completely pee my pants in front of the whole class, but I held it, and she let me go. I made it out of the classroom, and that's when I started to pee.

I just had no control. By the time I got into the bathroom, it was already down my legs, and I just gave up. I stood in the middle of the bathroom and just peed through my pants. It was embarrassing, but it felt so good to let go. When I was done, I just stood in the middle of my puddle. I didn’t know what to do. Then Professor Watts, my stats professor, walked in and saw me. She told me to go get cleaned up, and she would call a janitor. So I just ran out and went straight home,” Nicole finished, face blushing, and buried her hands in her face.

Sarah laughed. “So it’s your fault.”

Nicole looked up. “What is?”

“I had to pee after the final too. When we got to the bathroom, it was closed for cleaning. Your puddle almost made me pee in my pants too.”

Nicole just stared at Sarah for a moment, then all three girls broke into laughter.

###

The afternoon wore on, and the three classmates continued to chat, gossip, and drink. After another two drinks apiece, Sarah broke the conversation.

“I don’t know about you guys, but I think I’m going to have to break the seal.”

“I was about to say the same thing,” Emma replied.

Nicole agreed with a, “Me too.”

The girls stood up and crossed the large room the corner containing the bathrooms. Still being early, only about 3:30, they happily found no line for the three-stall bathroom and each entered a stall. Emma pulled down her pants and reached for her panties, only to realize she wasn’t wearing panties. Sarah was right. I forgot all about the pullup. She pulled the pullup down and sat on the toilet. As she started to pee, Emma looked down at the padded garment around her knees. She was surprised to find that, in contrast to her earlier diaper, the pullup did make her feel childish. The underwear screamed “Just in case”, as if making it to the toilet was not the norm for her. It isn’t today. You were 50/50 before this pee. Emma shook the thoughts from her head, wiped, redressed, and met the others at the sinks.

Bladders empty, the group returned to their table, stopping at the bar first to grab another round. They continued drinking and talking for another couple hours. Having broken the seal, a bathroom break was necessary every forty-five minutes or so. The bar continued to fill up as afternoon turned to evening, and at 6:00, the lights dimmed, and the first DJ started up.

“Do you guys want to dance?” Emma asked.

“Sure, but I think I want one more drink first,” Sarah answered.

Emma felt like she needed a break from drinking. She already had seven drinks over the last four hours. “I think I’ll pass on the drink for now.”

“I’m still going for it. Are you coming, Nicole?”

“Yep.”

“We’ll catch up with you in a minute, okay, Em?”

“That’s fine. I’ll be on the floor.”

Emma made her way to the floor and fought her way into the middle of the crowd. Emma loved dancing, but she really didn’t know what she was doing and didn’t want to look like an idiot dancing alone on the outside of the floor. The DJ was good, and Emma quickly lost herself in the music. Halfway through the first song, a guy started to dance with her. Emma enjoyed having a dance partner and the closeness that came with it. She even allowed him to get a little handsy after a couple songs. He worked his hands down to her waist, where he held them for a moment before sliding them over her hips.

Finally, the guy, acting as if he was being subtle, moved his hands around Emma to grab her butt. Emma didn’t panic until she realized there was something between his hand and her butt, then she remembered her pullup. She stepped back, and the guy let his hands drop. Looking at him, Emma calmed down as she realized he hadn’t noticed anything odd. Emma decided it was a good time to lose her dance partner anyway.

“I’ve got to go find my friend. It was nice dancing with you.”

He returned the sentiment and walked away, seemingly unhurt by the abrupt end.

Luckily, Emma had no trouble finding Sarah, as Sarah was just making her way to the floor.

“Took you long enough.”

“Yeah, we might have had another shot along with that drink.”

Emma detected a slight slur in Sarah’s speech. “Still feeling okay?”

“Yep! I’m having a great time! Do you want to dance?”

“Sure!”

Emma and Sarah often danced together when they went out, especially when they were not out to meet guys. Tonight, the roommates were just out to celebrate the end of the semester together. Nicole seemed to have other plans. Having followed Sarah to the dance floor, Nicole quickly found her own dance partner, a tall guy wearing a blue t-shirt and khaki shorts.

Sarah and Emma continued to dance. The growing and moving crowd caused the couple to lose sight of Nicole, but they figured they would catch up with her later. Emma let herself get lost in the music again, moving her body with the beat. Five songs later, Emma was brought back to reality when she was bumped in the abdomen, bringing her focus to her bladder for the first time in over an hour. She wasn’t desperate, but her bladder was certainly pressing for release.

“I really have to pee,” Emma yelled to Sarah over the music.

“Oh. Me too. Quick, let’s go.”

It took them a couple minutes to work their way off the dance floor, but they were eventually free to finish their trip to the bathroom. Once there, Emma was disappointed to see a line inside the bathroom. Emma took her spot in line, with Sarah behind her. It looked like the line was caused by a lack of stalls. One stall had an open door, and Emma could see a girl was kneeling in front of the toilet, with her friend standing next to her, holding her hair back.

I can’t believe how drunk everyone is, and it’s not even 8:00. In another stall, this one with a closed door, another girl was having a very noisy bowel movement, exacerbating the shortage of stalls. Emma wasn’t worried. She wasn’t having an emergency yet, and there were only three people in front of her. Emma noticed the girl directly ahead of her was wearing scrubs, indicating she was one of their classmates. She also observed that the girl was desperate to pee. She was holding her crotch and bobbing up and down. I know how you feel.

Emma turned to talk to Sarah. “It looks like everyone is really looking to be trashed by the end of the night.”

“That’s the general idea. I’m well on my way. I’ve had,” she counted mentally, “eleven drinks already.”

“Eleven! Do you think you should slow down?”

“Na. I’ll be fine. Besides, you’ll drag me home and throw me in bed, right?”

Emma laughed. “I guess I can do that.”

Emma was almost to the front of the line now. It was just her desperate classmate, then her. Out of boredom and curiosity, Emma looked to see how her classmate was fairing. To her surprise, she seemed to be doing fine. In fact, she looked like she didn’t even have to pee. She was standing still, almost nonchalantly, and she no longer had her hand between her legs. That’s strange.

The stall door opened, one obviously intoxicated girl left, and Emma’s not-so-desperate classmate entered. Emma waited. A couple minutes later, the girl was still in the stall, and Emma hadn’t even heard a trickle of pee. I really hope she’s not here to poop. I really have to pee now. The abundant amounts of liquids Emma had consumed throughout the night were filling her bladder more quickly as the night continued. Now, Emma was discreetly pressing her thighs together as she waited.

A minute later the toilet flushed, and Emma’s classmate left the stall. Emma rushed in, pulled down her pants and pullup, and started peeing. As she peed, Emma let her eyes wander the stall, taking in the graffiti left by former occupants. In time, her eyes landed on the sanitary can in the stall. Emma saw it was overflowing, and holding the lid open was a large, yellowed pullup. That girl must have done the extra credit too! And she wet herself right in front of me without me noticing! Emma heard a knock at the door.

“Emma, hurry up. I’m about to pee my pants,” Sarah shouted, her sense of embarrassment inhibited by alcohol.

Emma wiped, flushed, and pulled up her pants. She opened the door to see Sarah holding her crotch and bouncing up and down. Sarah ran past Emma and slammed the door. Emma heard pee splashing into the toilet two seconds later. She laughed to herself and washed her hands at the sink, then waited for Sarah outside the bathroom.

When Sarah came out, Emma asked, “Did you make it?”

“Yep. All dry.” Sarah smiled. “Do I get a treat?”

“How about another drink?”

“I was hoping you’d say that.”

###

End of Part 4

Again, sorry for the short part, but I wanted to get something up here. I've got 85% of the final part ready to go, so it shouldn't be too long.

*014*2019-06-26 15:14

I was excited to post the ending to this story, so I managed to get everything wrapped up. I hope you enjoy, and thank you for reading.

A/N: It's probably implied, but just to be on the safe side, none of the jokes listed in this chapter are original.

Part 5:

The night continued in the same manner. Emma and Sarah spent some time drinking and talking before returning to the dance floor, taking a quick pee break in between. When they were done dancing, they used the bathrooms again, ordered another round of drinks, then sat down for a break. By 10:00, both girls were at the perfect level of drunk. Spirits were high, everything was funny, and they both swayed with the music as they sat and talked.

Nicole found them shortly after 10:00. She had clearly spent her time away from them drinking as much as possible.

“Hi guys!” Nicole shouted.

“Hey, Nicole,” Sarah replied, “How’s it going?”

“Great. I met a guy named Brad. He’s buying us all some shots,” Nicole responded in short, slurred sentences.

Nicole took her seat at their table, and the guy Emma had seen with Nicole earlier arrived with a tray of drinks.

“I always believed that the best way to introduce yourself is with a drink offer. My name's Brad, and I figured three shots for everyone would get this party going,” Brad said as he joined the table.

“Thanks so much! I’m Emma.”

“Yes, thank you! I’m Sarah. Nice to meet you.”

They each drank a shot. The conversation flowed easily. They each took a second shot, then Nicole stood up.

“Brad and I are going to head out for the night.”

“Okay. You guys have a ride?” Sarah asked.

“Yes. Brad’s friend is going to pick us up.”

“Sounds good. Be safe. We’ll catch up with you tomorrow.”

“It was nice meeting you guys. Feel free to finish these up,” Brad said, referring to the remaining shots.

“Thanks! It was nice meeting you too.”

Nicole and Brad made their exit, and Sarah turned to Emma.

“He seems nice, and he left all these shots.”

“I’m not sure I need any more.”

“Come on, do at least one more with me.”

“Fine.”

The roommates took another shot. They had been drinking for over nine hours by then, and both were heavily intoxicated. Sarah, having had more drinks, seemed to be sneaking past happy-drunk and straight into blindingly drunk. Despite this, the girls managed to strike up another conversation. Their conversation carried on until Sarah suddenly burst into laughter.

“What is it, Sarah?” Emma asked.

After a moment, Sarah responded through her laughter, “I might just be drunk, but that sign is hilarious.” She pointed above the bar.

Emma turned to see a sign that said “Liquor, because no good story ever started with a salad.” Emma normally would have only chuckled at this, but Sarah’s laughter was infectious. She laughed, then said, “Sarah, that’s not even a good pun.”

“Do you know a better one?”

“Sure.” Emma thought for a moment. “Why did the mushroom get invited to the party?”

“Why?”

“Because he’s a fungi.” The girls broke into another fit of laughter. Emma’s laughter caused her bladder to press. Oh, I should really go to the bathroom soon. She was about to say so, when Sarah asked:

“What do you call an alligator wearing a vest?”

“What?”

“An investigator.”

Another laughing fit broke out. Emma was really feeling the pressure in her bladder. She pressed her legs together. Not to be outdone, she thought, One more joke, then we’ll go pee. “What did one horse say to the other horse?”

“What?”

“Why the long face?”

The girls lost it. They went from the normal deep, loud laughter to the soundless, gut wrenching laughter people have when all control is lost. Emma’s bladder threatened to release if she did not control her laughter. She grabbed her crotch for support, but she could not stop laughing.

“Sarah, I have to – “ but looking up, she saw Sarah was also having her own fit, and Emma’s laughter came back in full. It was too much for her muscles. She felt a spurt slip past her control, forced out by her contracting abdominal muscles. “Sarah –“.

Somehow, through her own laughter, Sarah cut Emma off. “What do you call a potato with a penis?”

“No, Sarah, I really can’t –“

“What do you call a potato with a penis?”

Emma relented. “What?”

“A dictator!”

That was it. Emma wasn’t sure if the laughter was too much for her bladder, or if she simply gave up. All she knew was she was laughing harder than she ever had in her life, and she was releasing a steady stream of pee at the same time. Her crotch filled with warmth, which quickly spread to her bottom. Beneath the hand that was gripping her crotch, she could feel as her stream hit the padding and absorbed into the material, making the pullup squishy beneath her hand. Emma, still laughing, kept peeing until there was no pee left in her body. Both girls continued laughing for another minute before they regained control. It wasn’t until the fit was over that Emma was able to comprehend her situation. I just wet myself. Again. I have to go home… But I can’t leave Sarah here alone.

“Sarah, I think it’s time we went home.”

“Yeah, I think so too.” Then, struck by a thought, Sarah said, “But we have to finish these shots first.”

“No, Sarah, I don’t really want to. I think I’ve had enough.”

“Suit yourself.” Before Emma could say anything, Sarah knocked back both drinks. “Okay, we can go now.”

The girls got up and began to make their way to the exit. Emma stole a glance at the bathrooms as she considered ditching the soaked pullup for the walk home. She saw a line of girls waiting outside. That, plus Sarah’s apparent lack of interest in the bathrooms, made up Emma’s mind. She would have to wait until she got home to remedy her situation.

Emma and Sarah made it out of the bar. Sarah clicked her key fab to make her car honk, ensuring it was locked. The bar heavily discouraged drinking and driving and allowed its patrons to leave their cars in the parking lot overnight. Emma and Sarah had planned to do just that and walk home, seeing as their apartment was only a ten-minute walk from the bar. However, Sarah threw a wrench in this plan. The moment they stepped outside, Sarah was hit in full force by all the alcohol she had consumed throughout the night. She fell into a staggering walk that was so bad that Emma had to wrap an arm around her waist for support. They went about their journey in this way. They made little progress, and after ten minutes, they weren’t even half way home. Suddenly, Sarah stopped.

“Emma, I have to pee,” she blurted drunkenly.

“Okay. We’ll be home soon.” This answer seemed to temporarily please Sarah, but five minutes later she stopped again.

“I reaaaallly have to pee.”

“Well we’re almost home. Just keep walking and you can pee when we get there.”

“I’m want to pee now.”

“Sarah, there’s nowhere to pee here. Let’s just get home.”

“I’ll just go in my pants.”

Emma considered letting this happen. At least I wouldn’t be the only one then. Then she realized that Sarah was in no condition to clean herself up, and that responsibility would fall on her.

“Please don’t pee in your pants.”

“It’s fine. I’m still wearing the pullup.”

“You can’t pee in your pullup on purpose.”

“Yes I can. When I visited my aunt when I was fifteen and she made me wear goodnites, I woke up having to pee one night. I didn’t want to get out of bed, and, since I was wearing a goodnite, I just peed in my bed and went back to sleep. Everyone just thought I had an accident.”

Emma stored this information for future teasing. For now, she said, “Okay, but I’m the one who is helping you get home and get to bed. I’d really like to not have to deal with your wet pullup.”

This seemed to get through Sarah’s alcohol-burdened mind. “I’ll try to hold it, but we have to hurry.”

“That’s what I’ve been trying to do.”

Five minutes later they were standing outside their apartment. Sarah was using one hand to support herself, and the other to hold her crotch. Emma was unlocking the door.

“I have to pee.”

“I know, Sarah. Just hold it for one more minute.”

Emma got the door open and helped Sarah straight to the bathroom. Sarah stood in front of the toilet as Emma pulled down her pants and pullup. Sarah started peeing the instant she sat down.

“Sarah, I’m going to get you something to sleep in. I’ll be right back.”

“I just need a shirt. I usually sleep in my underwear.”

“Okay.”

Emma walked to Sarah’s room, turned on the light, and found the dresser. She opened a few drawers until she found some shirts that looked like they could be sleep shirts. Emma grabbed the top one, turned off the light, and returned to the bathroom. Sarah was sitting on the toilet, supposedly done peeing, but she had not accomplished anything in the way of getting ready for bed. In fact, she seemed to be falling asleep on the toilet. I guess we’re going full babysitter mode now.

“Sarah let’s take off your scrub top.” Sarah cooperatively moved her arms as Emma lifted the top over her head. Emma rolled the sleep shirt and then pulled it down over Sarah. Next, Emma squatted down to take off Sarah’s shoes. As she squatted, Emma felt her wet pullup shift, reminding her that she had to take care of herself yet before she could go to bed. She removed Sarah’s shoes, followed by her pants, and then helped her stand up. Deciding a dry pullup was as good as any underwear, Emma pulled Sarah’s pullup into place between her legs. She determined that Sarah would survive without brushing her teeth for one night.

“Okay, Sarah, we’re going to go to bed now.” Sarah silently followed Emma to her bed, wearing only a pullup and a t-shirt which did nothing to cover the pullup. Emma pulled back the covers, helped Sarah into bed, and covered her.

“Thanks for a good night, Sarah. I’ll see you in the morning.” Sarah was already asleep.

Emma crossed the hall to her room. From her dresser, she pulled a purple sleep shirt, a pair of red granny-panties, and a pair of formfitting yet comfortable grey sweatpants. She took this to the bathroom to ready herself for bed. Emma’s first concern was the pullup. She pulled down her pants and revealed her shame. To tired and drunk to be embarrassed, Emma let the stained, swollen garment drop to the floor with a wet “plop”. She picked it up and deposited it in the bathroom trashcan. Then, using soap and a washcloth, Emma cleaned herself, drying with a towel. Emma removed her scrub top and bra, then redressed in the clothes she pulled from her dresser. She brushed her teeth, scooped up her clothes, and walked to her room. She left the clothes in a pile on the floor and crawled into bed. A look at the clock told her it was past 12:30. Emma turned out her light, rolled over, and fell into a deep, alcohol-assisted sleep.

###

The first thing Emma noticed when she woke up was that she felt awful. Her mouth was dry, her head hurt, and she felt like she hadn’t slept at all. Emma looked at the clock. Almost 11:00. I got ten hours of sleep. I don’t know why I feel like I need more. The next thing Emma noticed was that her bladder was full. She wasn’t desperate, but she could feel she was due for a long pee. Not feeling like getting up yet, Emma picked up her phone. She started mindlessly scrolling through social media sites. About ten minutes later, Emma’s bladder would wait no longer. She reluctantly got out of bed and crossed the hall to the bathroom. Emma pulled down her sweatpants and panties, sat on the toilet, and released her bladder. She felt immediate relief as her overworked bladder emptied of all the liquid it collected while she had slept.

Emma woke with a start, with her phone on her chest, open to Facebook. When did I get back in bed? Emma started to sit up, and that’s when she noticed a dampness around her hips. No! I didn’t… Emma reached a hand under the covers and touched her crotch. Her hand was met by the soaking, slightly warm, material of her sweatpants. She flung the blankets off of her. Everything was drenched. Looking down at herself, Emma could see a large stain on her sweatpants that centered on her crotch and worked around her upper thighs and groin area. On the bed beneath her, Emma saw the sheets were soaked from just above her butt all the way down to her knees.

She jumped out of bed and started stripping the bedding, her wet clothes clinging to her in the process. Emma dumped the small collection of dirty clothes from her hamper to make room for her bedding, then she filled it with the ball of soiled sheets and blankets. Emma removed her shirt and sweatpants and added them to the pile in her hamper. She looked down at her red panties. They were soaking wet as well. A dark stain spread halfway up the front, and Emma knew there wasn’t a dry spot on the back of her panties. She removed them too. Completely naked, Emma crossed her room and opened her door. Sarah’s door was still closed. Emma made a quick sprint across the hall and into the bathroom.

After a hot shower to clean herself off, Emma wrapped herself in a towel to return to her room. She went to her dresser to pick out some clean clothes. She pulled on a purple pair of panties, some loose-fitting black sweatpants, and a plain yellow t-shirt. When Emma turned around, she was greeted by a large, drying stain on her mattress. I need to clean the mattress or it’s going to stain, but I don’t know how to clean a mattress. I need some help. Determining that her pride was a lost cause, Emma left her room and walked to Sarah’s room. She knocked on the door. When she got no reply, she entered the room.

Sarah was curled under her blankets, snoring lightly, obviously still enjoying the sleeping effects of alcohol. Emma felt bad waking her up, but she didn’t know what else to do. She nudged her friend.

“Sarah.” Sarah stirred. “Sarah wake up.”

Sarah opened her eyes, then quickly closed them again. “Em? What time is it?” She asked with her eyes closed.

“It’s a little after eleven.”

“Why are you waking me up?”

“I need your help.”

“With what?”

Emma paused, then said, “I wet my bed.”

Sarah opened her eyes and looked at Emma. “How bad?”

“Bad. It’s completely soaked. I need to do something about the mattress, but I’m not sure how to clean it. I thought you might know how.”

Sarah rubbed her face and took in a deep breath. “Fine, fine. I’m getting up.” As she pushed herself into a sitting position, a puzzled look crossed her face. “What?..” She reached a hand under her blanket, and her eyes widened a moment later. “Oh… Em? Did you leave me in the pullup when you put me in bed last night?”

“Yeah, I’m sorry. It was clean, so I didn’t really see a point in putting us both through the process of changing your underwear.”

“No, it’s fine. Actually, it was probably a good thing. I didn’t fair much better than you.”

“What do you mean?”

In response, Sarah uncovered herself and moved to the end of the bed, planting her feet on the floor. They both stared down at Sarah’s pullup, which was swollen nearly to the size of the diaper Emma wet after her final and yellow throughout the entire padded area on the front. When Sarah stood up, the crotch of the pullup drooped down under the weight of Sarah’s nocturnal release, leaving a slight gap between the pullup and her body.

Emma giggled when she saw this. “Whoa, Sarah! You peed so much, that pullup is trying to take itself off.”

“You’d better watch it, or I’ll make sure that stain on your mattress stays forever,” Sarah replied in good nature. Then, turning to her bed, “I think my bed is dry though. It looks like these overnight pullups hold up to the job.”

When Sarah turned around, Emma saw that the back of the pullup was just as soaked as the front. The padding was wide and covered all of Sarah’s butt, but Emma could not see a single white spot anywhere on the padding.

Once Sarah confirmed that her bed was dry, she turned back around. “Let me clean myself up, then I’ll be right in to help you. Grab some rags and a scrub brush while you wait.” Sarah made her way out of the room. Emma watched as the swollen padding made Sarah waddle slightly, and the drooping bottom wiggled back and forth with each step.

Emma left the room as well and gathered the supplies Sarah asked for. Sarah met her in her bedroom ten minutes later with a pile of cleaning supplies in her hands and a large, mocking smile on her face.

“So, Em, when I was cleaning up, I took off my pullup and put it in the trash, and I couldn’t help but notice that mine wasn’t the only peed-in pullup in there.”

Emma blushed. “Do you remember telling jokes before we left the bar?”

Sarah thought for a second, the said, “Vaguely.”

“Well, I kind of had to pee, and I was laughing so hard that it just all came out.”

Sarah laughed. “It’s okay. I know the feeling. I’m just amused at the number of times you peed your pants in one week.”

“Well, at least I didn’t purposely wet my diaper at fifteen years old.”

Sarah stopped short. “Oh yeah, I forgot I said that. I guess you’ve got all my secrets now.”

The girls set about the work, talking merrily about the previous night as they went.

###

The rest of the week passed quickly for the roommates. Emma and Sarah spent Thursday recovering from Wednesday night’s festivities. They were able to get Emma’s mattress clean, and, with the help of a fan, the bed was dried in time for Emma to sleep in that night. They went out for some light drinking on Friday, and the rest of the weekend was free for the girls to take a well-deserved break.

Emma was sitting on the couch on Saturday when she received and email from Professor Welsh. The email read:

Emma,

I hope this email finds you well. I don’t usually reach out to students individually regarding assignments, but I felt this was warranted. As you are my advisee, I wanted to ensure that you are always comfortable with seeing me for any questions you have. With that in mind, I wanted to tell you that the events of our meeting on Wednesday will remain between you and I, unless you choose otherwise. I have also decided that, in light of your commitment to the assignment, you deserved double the extra credit. This will be reflected in your final grade.

Enjoy your summer, and I look forward to seeing you in the Fall.

Thank you,

Professor Welsh.

Emma appreciated the email. She knew Professor Welsh would never tell anybody about her accident, but it was still nice to get the email. Looking back on everything, Emma was glad she did the assignment. She experienced a lot, grew closer to her best friend, and, hopefully, nothing she ever did would be as embarrassing.

###

The End.
