The Last Flight

Author: Olfa

*000*2025-03-06 11:11

The airport was packed. People moved in all directions, luggage rolling over the shiny floor, and the speakers announced flights in a monotone voice. Julia walked through the crowd, holding her ticket in one hand and her purse in the other. She had cleared security without trouble, but the delay of her flight made her uneasy.

She sighed, looking for a seat in the waiting area. Her flight was still an hour away, and after too much coffee in the morning, she started to feel an uncomfortable pressure in her abdomen. It wasn’t urgent yet, but it would be soon.

She settled by a window, watching the planes take off under the gray sky. Distracted, she checked her phone, replying to messages absentmindedly. Time passed slowly.

Twenty minutes later, the first serious cramp forced her to cross her legs. She glanced around and spotted the restrooms on the other side of the terminal. She thought about going, but just then, the speakers announced that boarding would start soon.

"I’ll just wait until I get on the plane," she thought. There would be bathrooms there too, and this way, she wouldn’t have to leave her luggage unattended.

When the boarding call finally came, she stood up quickly, feeling a sharp pang in her lower abdomen. She shifted in line, bouncing slightly on her heels as they moved forward.

The boarding process was slow. Too slow. First, priority passengers. Then, the line crawled forward at a snail’s pace. Julia bit her lip, feeling the pressure intensify.

By the time she crossed the plane’s door and found her window seat, a shiver ran down her spine. She just needed to hold on a little longer.

Minutes passed, and the plane still wasn’t moving. "Dear passengers, due to runway congestion, our departure will be delayed by approximately thirty minutes."

Thirty.

Julia felt her chest tighten. She shifted in her seat, squeezing her thighs together. She couldn’t move, couldn’t do anything but wait. Every vibration of the plane, every movement of the passengers around her, made her body react even more.

The cabin lights flickered as the captain announced they would soon take off. Julia gripped the armrest. Her body trembled. Her breathing was fast.

And then, it happened.

Heat washed over her all at once. First, a small, uncontrollable leak. Then, a slow, unstoppable flow. The fabric of her jeans absorbed the warmth within seconds. She tried to stop it, but her body refused to obey.

The hot liquid trickled down between her thighs, soaking the seat beneath her. Julia squeezed her eyes shut, feeling her skin shiver from the contrast of warmth and the airplane’s air conditioning. Her chest rose and fell with every shaky breath.

When it was over, she opened her eyes, not daring to move. The sound of the plane powering up pulled her back to reality. No one seemed to have noticed anything.

She kept her gaze fixed on the window as the plane began taxiing down the runway. A tingling sensation ran down her spine. She didn’t know what to think. She didn’t know how to feel. But as the plane took off, with her heart still racing and the heat still surrounding her, a thought crossed her mind.

Maybe… part of her hadn’t wanted to resist.

But her relief was short-lived. As soon as the plane reached cruising altitude and the seatbelt sign turned off, Julia started feeling a growing anxiety. How was she going to leave the plane without anyone noticing? She glanced at the passengers around her. Her seatmate, a middle-aged man, was absorbed in his laptop.

She shifted carefully, feeling the damp fabric beneath her. Her jacket wasn’t big enough to fully cover herself if she stood up.

Time passed, and she felt more and more trapped in her dilemma. She thought about waiting until the plane emptied before standing up, but that would only increase the chances of someone noticing the stain on the seat.

Just as panic started to set in, the man beside her made a sudden movement while adjusting his laptop on the tray table.

—"Oh, shit!"—he exclaimed as his water bottle slipped from his hands and spilled directly onto Julia’s lap.

The cold water soaked through her pants instantly. Julia froze, taking a second to process it before an unexpected wave of relief washed over her.

—"I’m so, so sorry!"—the man said, scrambling for napkins.

Julia hesitated for a moment, but as she felt the water spreading over her, a mix of relief and surprise settled in.

—"No… don’t worry,"—she replied with a nervous laugh, helping to clean up the mess.

The man kept apologizing, and Julia simply nodded, hiding her secret under the perfect excuse. When they landed and she walked off the plane, no one would suspect a thing.

