Song and Potty-Dance (A tears of the Kingdom Short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-07-11 01:02

Got another ToTK inspired short. This time an NPC suggested by @Grenn34

&&

"THE AUDACITY OF THAT WOMAN!" Mastro shouted.

"Mastro,Please calm down." Violynne said.

"No i will not calm down! She just jumped in front of us!" Mastro said in rage.

"Maybe she was running from something and didn't notice us?" Violynne suggested.

"Doesn't matter!! Our wagon is broken and we lost our horse! What a tragedy!" Mastro said with his arms crossed. Violynne rolled her eyes.

"Atleast our instruments are safe." Violynne said as she held the instrument she was named after.

"One positive indeed! We'll have to repair our wagon once we get back to the stable." Mastro said.

"But how are we gonna get it back there?" Violynne asked as she tapped her feet with a concerned expression.

###

"Oh...Stop! Stop! Stop!" Violynne said as she let go of the wagon and began inhaling and exhaling.

"Okay! Come on now! How many times are you gonna make us stop? We we're having such a good rhythm going!" Mastro asked.

"I-I'm not much of a lifter. J-Just give me a second!" Violynne replied. Mastro shrugged and waited for his partner to catch her breath. She took a look at Mastro and took a moment to cross her legs. She took a deep breath and then went back to helping her partner push the wagon. The two were using every ounce of their strength to push the broken wagon. Meanwhile, Violynne was fighting a battle of her own. Her breath hitched, caught in her throat as she tightly crossed her legs with every step she took. After minutes of pushing and lifting the broken wagon, they stopped. Violynne winced and stepped back from the cart.

"Dear Hylia! Again?!" Mastro asked.

"Like i said! I'm not a lifter!" Violynne said as she looked around and lightly tapped her foot in a specific rhythm.

"What's with the dance?" Mastro asked. Though he already had an idea what was going on. It wasn't the first time he had scene that particular dance his partner was performing.

"Umm.....How far away do you think the stable is?" She asked as she brushed her hands against her purple hair while bouncing up and down.

"At the rate we're going? It's gonna take a long time!" Mastro said.

"Ohhh......." Violynne whined as she looked around. A wince crossed her face as she gingerly crossed her legs, her thighs squeezing together while Her body swayed slightly from side to side.

"I recognize this dance of yours! You need to pee!" Mastro blurted out.

"D-Don't say it out loud like that!" Violynne chided him.

"Just go behind one of these structures!" Mastro said as he pointed towards the many rocks that had fallen from the sky.

"H-Huh? I-I don't know...." Violynne said.

"Why not? There's nobody here!" Mastro said.

"B-But we're still near the Great Fairy's Fountain! I-i can't!"

"The fountain is out of sight dear! and you usually don't find any stray fairies this far from the fountain! Besides,With the Great Fairy going into hiding ever since the upheaval, i'm sure she's got other things to worry about!"

Violynne she scanned her surroundings once more, her eyes wide and frantic, desperately seeking for something. anything that would keep her from having to resort to something so embarrassing. But of course, nothing came. Violynne groaned and ultimately resigned herself to Mastro's idea.

"N-No peeking! Got it?!" She said with urgency as she sprinted away, her hands tightly clasped between her legs as she fought against the twinge being sent through her body.

"Wouldn't dream of it!" Mastro shouted as Violynne hid behind one of the weirdly shaped rocks. She looked around to make sure there was nobody around and then unbuckled her belt.

"Oh...I can't believe i'm about to do this..." She muttered as she kept looking around while hiking up her shirt and yanking down her tights. She bent over and leant against the rock. She looked around. There was still nobody in sight. And yet she still felt like there was someone starring at her. She let her bladder relax upon uttering the words....

"Oh,Great Fairy. Please forgive me for what i'm about to do..."

As if a floodgate had opened, a torrent of pee burst forth, her body trembling and her having to use her other hand to stabilize herself as her stream splattered against the grass below. As her muscles released the mounting pressure, a wave of relief washed over her lower body, releasing her from the agony of her bursting bladder. She couldn't resist letting out a moan as she continued to lean against the rock. She looked around once more. Still nobody around. No stray fairies, no villagers. She sighed. The feeling of relief somewhat overpowering the dread she felt. She began humming a song to herself as her stream continued. It's something she always did to calm herself. Soon she was no longer shaking and she only needed on hand for support. Her stream continued until it eventually slowed down and turned into just a few drops. She let out a content sigh and stood upright again.

"....Damn it. nothing to wipe with..." She whispered to herself as she pulled up her panties and her tights. She emerged from her hiding spot and regrouped with Mastro.

"Enjoy the pee?" Mastro asked with a smile. Causing Violynne to blush.

"D-Don't say it like that. She said as she looked around.

"It's nothing to be ashamed off. But,hey! I got good news! While you were singing back there, a Rito saw us and landed in front of our wagon. He said he was going fly to the stable to get us some help! What luck!" Mastro said.

"Well. That's good." Violynne said.

"Shall we practice our song while we wait? We cannot afford to be rusty for the Great Fairy when we return and convince her to stop hiding!" Mastro said.

"Yeah. Let's do it." Violynne said as she whipped out her violin. a thought crossed her mind. The great fairy. She then thought back to her detour just then and sighed.

"Oh great fairy. again,i hope you forgive me for this..."

