Trip Through America! An Extreme Omorashi Story

Author: NoahEdar0483

*000*2024-05-28 07:06

Greetings everyone! I've been in a great mood to write more omo stories, and here's the start of a new one! With most of these stories I try to make it at least somewhat reasonable, with the length of time to hold it and the amount to drink and such, but with this one I decided to just be completely goofy and unrealistic, lol. I also want to mention that though there is male peeing, the real extreme desperation is with the woman character in this story. I want to mention that this story is partially inspired by the famous "Iron Queen" story (particularly the idea of someone drinking a truly ungodly amount of fluid, and holding it for a really long time) as well as some of Bombality's artwork. With that out of the way, let's start this off! I hope you enjoy! 😄

It was a bright, sunny day in Houston, Texas. The spring weather allowed the vibrant flowers to blossom, creating a pleasurable sight for the city. Within an apartment building, a young man slowly brought himself out of bed. He had wild, spiky hair, beautiful brown eyes, a button nose, and a pair of spiked ears, almost like an elf. His physique was very toned and slender, akin to a professional long distance runner. He stood at 168 centimeters, and weighed 140 pounds.

The man slithered his way out of the sheets, and somehow he managed to land on his two feet without falling. He yawned, and walked past his TV, a trophy case containing dozens of trophies, certificates and medals, and exited the room. He hunched over, and the only motivating factor preventing him from crawling back to bed was the pleasant smell of coffee radiating throughout the living area. He walked into the kitchen, and saw a fresh cup of coffee already made for him. He took it without a second thought, and placed the edge of the cup onto his lips. The warm bliss that he sucked down into his stomach, a glorious mixture of caffeine and cream, rejuvenated his body and soul, and he felt much more awake. Rubbing his eyes, he turned to the dinner table, and the sight that laid upon his eyes nearly caused him to drop the mug in his hand.

The man was not alone in the apartment. Sitting at the table was a woman, a truly extraordinary one at that. The first thing everyone usually noticed about her was her abnormal height, standing at 200 centimeters! She was also quite muscular, with massive arms, tree trunk legs, and six-pack abs. She had gorgeous black hair, which was quite wavy and curly. Her eyes were sparkling blue, her nose was shaped similarly to the man’s, and she had a bright, infectious smile across her face.

The biggest surprise however was the fact that there was not one article of clothing on her body. The woman was massaging her rather large breasts, and was crossing her legs to hide her wet, throbbing womanhood.

“Good morning, Birthday Boy!” she exclaimed enthusiastically. “I hope that coffee tastes so good!”

The man was stunned. He felt like he was going to have a powerful nosebleed, like in an anime. Eventually, he shook his head back to his senses.

“A-Artemis!!! Why are you naked?!” he exclaimed. She giggled in response.

“Well, it is your birthday soon! I wanted to give you a great big surprise! And what better way to do that than by showing you my birthday suit?”

“Y-yeah, but…”

“Percy…we’ve been married for six months now…we should try to get closer to each other. We haven’t even fucked yet! Don’t get me wrong, feeling your fingers inside me is…heh…” Artemis stopped for a moment, trying to contain herself. “Um…but we should try to go one step further, you know?”

Percy took a sip of coffee. “I-I know…I just…get so nervous…” He hung his head, barely able to look at her. “I’m…I’m sorry…”

“Hey…” Artemis’ suddenly got much softer, and she got up and wrapped her arms around him. “I get it, okay? You had…a rough time. I know you’re not the most comfortable with this, but I just want you to know that I’m here for you, okay?”

A few tears welled in Percy’s eyes. “Th-thank you…”

After a few seconds, Artemis let go and struck a dramatic pose. “I know exactly what can cheer you up! Since we’re going on a road trip, I was planning on doing a very fun challenge!”

Percy wiped the tears from his eyes, and cleared his throat. “Wh-what do you have in mind?” he asked.

“I’m going to do a pee holding challenge!!!” Artemis declared. Percy’s eyes widened.

“A…a what?!”

“That’s right! I know that we both just love omorashi, and I was wanting to try out a lovely challenge! I am going to hold in my pee for the entire trip!”

Percy looked surprised at such a challenge. “But Artie…that’s, like, a week-long trip!”

But Artemis laughed. “I know, that’s why it’s a challenge, silly! I am going to drink a bunch of water and other drinks the whole time, and day and night, I have to hold it all in! Can you imagine the bulge that I’ll have?!”

The thought of this started to arouse Percy. “Okay…but isn’t that super unhealthy?”

“Percy…we’re fictional characters. The real world consequences of holding an ungodly amount of pee for that long has no effect on me!”

“Okay, well…is there an explanation you have that doesn’t involve breaking the fourth wall?”

Artemis thought about it for a moment, then she snapped her fingers. “We have a pill that renders any problems we could have with extreme holding obsolete!” She quickly went to a bathroom, opened the cabinet door, and got a bottle that said “Pee Holding Pills”.

“How convenient…” Percy deadpanned.

“I KNOW, RIGHT?!” Artemis responded excitedly. She opened the bottle and swallowed one of the pills. “There. Now I won’t be able to destroy my internal organs for a whole month!” Percy gave a thumb’s up in response.

“Okay, here’s the plan. Before the trip even starts, I have to drink a gallon of water. It was something I did for wrestling, so it’s pretty easy at this point.” Then, when we actually start the trip, whenever we stop at a gas station, I have to drink…a lot. The amount that I should get at each stop should be roughly the equivalent of 5 liters. I approximated that we should have to stop about 8 times for the entire trip. While we’re driving, I’ll also keep myself company by drinking from a 24 pack of water bottles. I have to finish that pack by the time we stop at Minneapolis, and then go through another pack by the time we get back.

Adding to the challenge are various smaller challenges to try to make me pee. These include not crossing my legs for the first day of the trip, not holding onto my crotch for the first half of the trip, not begging for the bathroom the entire trip, and of course, not peeing. But what happens if I fail these challenges, you may ask? Well, that’s where you come in, Percy. You have to punish me if I fail. You can spank me, purposefully stop the car, tickle me, make me drink more water, or something along those lines. Don’t worry, I’m not going to fight back or anything like that. You will be in complete control. Oh, and one more thing, my safeword is Elephant. Just in case things get a little too much for me. What do you think, Birthday Boy? Is that a good present for you?”

Percy was in absolute shock by what he just heard. He and Artemis had done some omo stuff before, but this…this was truly next level. He pushed his glasses up, and cleared his throat, trying to hide his reddening face.

“I-I-If that’s something you want to do, I will be happy to oblige…”

“Great! I’m so excited to do this! I hope you’ll enjoy this as much as I’m sure I will,” she said, winking at him. Percy’s face turned an even darker shade of red.

Artemis got up, skipped over to the kitchen and opened up a cabinet and got out a gallon-sized pitcher. She held it over the sink, and watched it as it slowly filled up with water. Once it was completely filled, she put it on the counter.

“Okay, let me get dressed first!” She went over to their room and started rummaging through her clothes. Percy tried to avoid eye contact with her body as he finished his coffee and ate a Pop Tart. He wasn’t much of an eater, and wanted to stay lean. He thought about the challenge, and wondered if Artemis could do it. She was quite possibly the strongest person he knew, winning countless wrestling matches as well as many Field events in Track and Field. In fact, that was how he met her in the first place.

Before he was too lost in thought however, Artemis returned, this time clothed. Specifically, she wore a Pink Floyd’s Dark Side of the Moon shirt, which was a triangle having a ray of light pass through it and having the colors of the rainbow emerge out of it. She also had denim jean shorts, which were short enough for one to see a little bit of her buttcheeks. In addition, a belt wrapped around the shorts, and Percy could tell that they were rather tight on her. Nevertheless, she happily walked into the kitchen, and got the pitcher, as well as a tall glass.

“Alright sweetie, here we go!” she declared, before beginning to pour the water from the pitcher into the glass. Percy watched as she practically inhaled the water, refilling the glass over and over, not having even the slightest bit of discomfort. Eventually, the pitcher became empty enough to where she could take the lid off and just finish it off from the pitcher. When she finally finished, she let out a loud exhale.

“Wow…gotta love water, huh?”

“Yeah…um, how are you feeling?” Percy asked.

“Oh, just fine, just fine! A gallon is nothing to me! This challenge is nothing to me! I’m going to not pee the entire trip no matter what!” she stated confidently.

We’ll see about that, Percy thought.

After getting ready, the couple packed up their car and got into it. Percy would be driving, while Artemis sat next to him in the passenger’s seat.

“Alright Percy, are you ready?!”

“Yeah, let’s do it!”

And so, the two began not only their long, long trek, but also the pee holding challenge for our dear Artemis. Their first stop was quite close, just a few miles away from their apartment, as the tank was only half full, and Percy wanted a full tank of gas before really going on their journey. Meanwhile, Artemis went inside the gas station. She walked towards the long line of drinks, and pondered what to get. She was in the mood for Gatorade, and so she looked at the selection of those. There were 900 mL bottles that were quite cheap, and so she grabbed as many as she could hold in her arms. She walked over to the cashier and laid them down. Just as he was about to check them out, she noticed a 24 pack of 500 mL water bottles, and got those as well.

“My my, that’s quite a lot!” the cashier remarked. Artemis laughed casually. “Yeah, well, you know we’ve gotta stay hydrated on the road. After the cashier checked everything out, he put the Gatorades in bags, and Artemis collected them and exited the store.

“Hey Artemis, how’s it-JESUS CHRIST!!!”

Percy was shocked at just how much she was carrying. She gave him one of the Gatorades, and placed the rest on her lap…right on top of her bladder.

“Good God, Artie, five of those monsters…AND the 24 pack?! I know that was the plan, but-”

“What, you think I can’t do it?” she asked. Percy looked down nervously.

“Um…no, that’s not what I meant…I just thought that…we’d be doing that a little bit farther down the road-”

“Nah!” Artemis dismissed, already twisting the lid off one of the Gatorades. As they started moving, Artie was already drinking, and within minutes, she completely sucked it down, throwing the empty bottle in the back seat.

After a few minutes, Percy decided to break the silence. “So, uh…how are you feeling, Artie?” he asked. “Do you need to pee yet?”

Artemis only scoffed. “It doesn’t matter how badly I need to pee! I will hold all of it in like a big girl! My level of comfort is not a factor! If I have to drink the entire ocean, I will do so and smile!”

Hearing how confident Artemis was made Percy’s penis want to rip out of his pants, but he simply nodded and shifted his focus back on the road. An hour went by, and Artemis managed to finish all five of the Gatorades. Percy tried to look down at Artemis’ stomach, but it was difficult to see with the 24-pack in the way.

“Oh, Percy, you naughty boy,” Artemis teased. Percy immediately shot his eyes back on the road.

“Wh-what makes you say that?!” he stuttered.

“I saw you trying to sneak a peek at my bladder, to see if it was bulging, weren’t you?”

Percy was extremely flustered. Then, Artemis suddenly laughed really loud.

“I’m just kidding, silly! Here…” she pushed the 24-pack closer to her knees, and took one of Percy’s hands. His eyes widened as she made his hands rub her lower torso, feeling her shredded abs, as well as the bubble of urine that began forming inside her.

“Oh…wow…” Percy whispered. Artie giggled, patting his spiky hair.

“I bet you’re thinking that I’ll just wet myself after drinking so much already…you wanna see me wet my shorts, my panties, drench myself in a small lake of my own making…well, too bad! A few liters is nothing to me! I barely feel a thing!”

“D-didn’t you drink, like, more than 8 liters already?” Percy asked, adjusting his cock after hearing Artemis’ monologue.

“Yep! And I’m going to drink even more! I have to finish this pack of water bottles before the end of the first half of our trip, and since it’ll take, like, three days, I can easily just divide it into 8 bottles per day!”

“Wow, you’re…quite something, huh?” Percy swooned with amazement. Artie blushed a little.

“Thanks, Percy…uh, anyway, let me start with these bottles!” She tore a hole in the pack, and got out one of the bottles. Within seconds, she completely emptied the bottle, tossing them with the empty Gatorade bottles.

“You know, it occurred to me…doing this is kind of a trade off. A full pack of water puts a lot of pressure on my bladder (though still nothing I can’t handle, of course), and when you drink it, the pack gets lighter, but at the cost of filling your bladder more! It’s perfect!”

Perfectly hellish, Percy thought to himself as Artemis got out another bottle. It had only been a couple hours on the trip, and she had already downed an ungodly amount of fluids.

“Hey…hey Percy…” Artemis mischievously asked.

“Uh, yeah?”

“Wanna know how many milliliters of fluid I drank already?”

“Uh…how many?”

“OVER 9,000!!!!!”

A brief silence permeated inside the car.

“Um…I’ll be honest with you, I thought that it was funnier in my head.”

“No no, it was funny. I just…uh…”

“Oh no, I get it. ‘Over 9,000’ jokes are old at this point.”

“S-sorry.”

“No need to apologize! Um…you know, there’s this guy on YouTube that makes funny Dragon Ball videos. I think his name is, like, Demon Athena or something. We should check some of his videos out sometime!”

“Oh, sure! I think that would be pretty fun!”

“Yeah…” Artemis stared at her husband, admiring his dashing features. She managed to drink two more bottles before taking a break, as sucking down 10 liters of fluid within a few hours was quite a lot, even for her. Several hours went by, the both of them tuning out the endless road that they continued driving down. It was a wondrous sight going past Dallas, seeing the numerous skyscrapers amidst the surrounding plains. Pretty soon after passing it, they crossed the state line into Oklahoma, where they found a rest stop and parked there.

Percy had finished a couple bottles of Gatorade in the numerous hours of driving that he did, and even though he had a pretty strong bladder from all the drinking he did while in Cross Country and Track, he did not have the super-bladder that his wife seemed to have.

“I’m gonna go use the restroom,” he told her somewhat timidly, knowing that she drank several times more than he did. “Um…if you want to go too, you can.”

But Artemis simply laughed. “Percy, it’s fine! I know that my bladder is of a different breed, and this challenge is my own choice! Please, I don’t need you to be desperate while we’re driving. And I’m not giving up this early! My bladder can turn into a beach ball from drinking, and I will still not pee for days!”

Percy looked at her stomach, and noticed that the bladder bulge was getting quite large already. He nodded in acceptance, and exited the car, but before he closed the door, Artemis called out to him.

“By the way, if you can record your, uh, stream, and send it to me, that’d be great! I love seeing you pee, honestly…”

Percy’s face turned bright red at that request, but he nodded as he closed the door. He entered the rest stop, and went into the men’s restroom. He went up to the closest urinal, and lowered the front of his pants. He noticed that there were a few drips of a clear bodily fluid stuck to the inside of his underwear. Clearly he couldn’t resist the lewd thoughts that came from Artemis doing this challenge. He tried shaking those thoughts from his mind, and he began to let the contents of his own bladder exit his body. Then, right before the piss started flowing, he remembered that Artemis wanted to see it, and he stopped himself, which kind of hurt. He got out his phone, and pressed record when he went to his video camera. Then, he completely let go, unleashing a powerful stream of light yellow, but fairly clear urine. After about 10 seconds, the stream subsided, and after shaking the remaining droplets of pee stuck to the tip of his dick, he pulled the front of his pants back up.

Upon exiting the restroom, as well as the rest stop, Percy immediately went into his car, noticing that Artemis was on her phone. When he got in, she immediately got off of it and turned to him.

“Hey hey! Is my cute little hubby feeling better?” she asked. Percy’s face was so red that it could’ve been mistaken for a tomato, and he nodded his head while having his hands covering his face.

“Good! That makes me happy. Did you record the, uh…”

“Oh! Uh, yeah.”

Percy whipped out his phone, and went to the video before handing it to Artemis. Her eyes lit up in awe as the sound of a stream of pee hitting the end of a urinal.

“Oh God…I really want to touch my pussy right now…seeing your cock doing this just…ugh…”

Percy didn’t really know how to respond to that as she handed his phone back to him. He was flustered a lot around her, and he thought he’d be used to it by now, but clearly that wasn’t the case.

“Oh yeah! I made my own video! Here, take a look at this…”

Artemis got out her phone again, and after a few swipes and button presses, she showed him the video:

“Hey Percy, my wonderful hubby! I just wanted to show that I’m not sneaking off to the restroom while you’re gone, or crossing my legs, or even touching my pussy, even though that’s pretty hard when I’m around you.” She winked when she said that, somehow making Percy’s face even more red than before. The rest of the video just showed her waiting around for Percy to return from the rest stop, massaging her growing bladder. “It’s pretty big already, huh? Don’t worry though, I won’t open the floodgates and drench our car.” Eventually, when Artemis saw him coming back, she said “Okay, I see you! Love you! Bye!” She blew him a kiss, and then the video ended.

“See? Video proof that I didn’t do anything I wasn’t supposed to do while you were gone! Aren’t you proud of me?!” she asked, beaming. Percy could barely get a word at first, as he was so flustered at what he just saw that his brain turned into jelly. When he finally regained his ability to think, he shook his head and cleared his throat.

“Uh…that was very, uh, good. Good job…”

“Thaaaaaanks huuuuuuuuuuby…” Artemis replied, winking when she did so. His hair wasn’t the only spiky thing at that moment.

“L-let me s-start the c-car…” he stuttered, attempting to turn the key with his trembling hands. However, he jumped when Artemis placed her hand on his leg. She got close to his ear, and whispered “I want to suck your cock. I really want you to cum right down my throat.”

Percy felt his penis pushing against his pants to fulfill Artie’s request, but against the raging hormones inside of him, he shook his head.

“Let’s get to a hotel first. I’m not a big fan of road head, truth be told,” he said. Artemis looked somewhat surprised, but then she laughed and placed her hands behind her head, allowing her bulge to protrude further.

“Whatever you say, Percy baby…say, how close are we to needing gas? We’ve been on the road for quite some time now?”

Percy looked at the fuel gauge, and noticed that the arrow, while not quite close to being empty, was certainly enough to warrant a gas station visit, and so he nodded.

“Great! I was getting pretty thirsty anyway!” Artemis shouted.

Thirsty?! You’d think you would never have to drink anything ever again!” Percy thought to himself. They drove for about a half-hour, during which Artemis managed to gulp down two more water bottles. Percy observed to see if there were any signs that she needed to pee, given that she hadn’t done so all day, and she already guzzled down so much. However, she wasn’t holding herself, her legs weren’t crossed, hell, she wasn’t even quivering! Was she really that comfortable after sucking down more than three gallons?! Or, is it that she’s just really good at hiding her desperation?

Eventually, they found a gas station and Percy filled up his car. Afterwards, the two of them went inside, and got some snacks, and lots of drinks. There was such a wide variety of different fluids to choose from: water, Gatorade, soda, energy drinks, tea, and many more. Artemis decided to take a little bit of all of those, grabbing a liter water bottle, another 900mL Gatorade, a 2 liter bottle of Mountain Dew, three cans of Monster Energy, and two bottles of peach tea. Percy only got one water bottle, feeling quite wimpy in comparison. They went to the cashier, who sported a porn-stache, and he checked out their items.

“My my! What a nice belly you’ve got there, miss! When’s the ol’ feller due?” the cashier asked. At first, Percy and Artemis were a bit confused, but then Percy took a look at Artie’s bladder, and it was clear that if it weren’t for the fact that Percy knew that her belly was filled with fluids, he easily would’ve thought that she was pregnant too!

“Oh, uh, well…I, uh…” Percy tried to think of something to say. However, Artemis waved him off.

“Why thank you, kind sir! As a matter of fact, this baby isn’t due for a good while.”

“Ah, I see. Well now, you two take special care now! Have a good day, y’all!” They both thanked the cashier, and exited the station. While driving, Percy pondered something.

“What made you decide to just go for the pregnancy story?”

“Well, I mean, it is kind of our baby, isn’t it? It’s…our BLADDER BABY!!!” Artemis declared.

“Huh…you know, I kind of like that idea…” Percy said. The couple spent two more hours on the road that day, with Artemis managing to completely demolish the water, tea, and the soda. They finally stopped at a hotel, and quickly checked in and went into a room.

“So…about giving you a blowie…” Artemis said as they got settled.

“Oh yeah…uh, honestly Artie, I’m kind of tired. I had a long day of driving. Give me a quick second, and then we can do that.”

"Oh, of course, hubby! Take all the time you need!"

Percy laid down on the bed, massaging his temples while Artemis continued to drink. At one point, she asked if she could give him a massage, to which he agreed. He laid on his stomach, and Artemis pulled up his shirt and rubbed his back and his shoulders. Percy could feel how strong she was, and yet it wasn't done in a way that hurt. On the contrary, her massages really soothed him, and rejuvenated his energy. After several minutes of the massage, Artemis went close to his ear.

"Are you ready now?" she asked. Percy nodded, giving her a thumbs up, thanking her for the massage.

"Great!" she replied, giving him a kiss on the cheek.

She pulled off her shirt, exposing her pink bra, as well as her large bladder, and pushed Percy onto the bed. She unbuttoned his pants, and lowered them, taking them off his ankles. Percy pulled his shirt up, his anxiety getting to him as Artemis gently wrapped her fingers around his growing phallus. She kissed and licked the tip of his cock, almost as if she was eating an ice cream cone. Percy winced, his sensitivity overloading as his beautiful wife steadily grew his penis to its full length.

“Oh God, I really want this to enter my pussy…” Artemis commented. “Um…that can’t happen though. Not yet. I want to save that for the end of the trip. Okay, are you ready, hubby?”

Percy was too flustered to reply, so he instead gave a short nod, to which Artie beamed at. When it first entered her mouth, she was slow, taking extra care to ensure that she got a good rhythm going. Then, she practically devoured it, and Percy made a sharp moan when he felt the tip of his cock hit the back of her throat. She thrusted her head back and forth, wrapping her arms around his butt in the process. Percy couldn’t stop himself from moaning, her technique maximizing his pleasure. Finally, his body brought itself to the edge, with Artemis licking the precum.

“Artie…baby…I’m seriously gonna cum!” Percy declared. This did not stop Artie’s relentless pursuit of his ejaculation, and in fact quickened her pace.

“Oh God, I’m…I’m cumming!” True to his word, Percy let out a burst of semen, which was instantly swallowed up by Artemis. Percy continued cumming, with some of it dripping down Artie’s chin, but most of it being swallowed up. After he was completely done, Artemis released his penis from her mouth, and wiped some of the excess cum from her chin.

“That…felt…so…good…” Percy bemoaned. Artemis smiled, and went to get a drink.

“I’m glad both of us enjoyed that then…”

Percy tried to hold on to consciousness, but his eyes felt so heavy, and he quickly fell asleep. The last thing he remembered before slipping into his dreams was his wonderful wife whispering “Good night, hubby. I love you…”

*002*2024-05-28 19:59

{{4 hours ago, Weather said:

I really recommend not writing the scene like this. This is non-consensual.

Overall fun idea, but this part could do with a little bit of a change.

}}

Ah, you're totally right. I'll change that. Terribly sorry about that.

*003*2024-05-28 20:10

{{13 hours ago, NoahEdar0483 said:

“Oh yeah…uh, honestly Artie, I’m kind of tired. I had a long day of driving. Give me a quick second, and then we can do that.”

"Oh, of course, hubby! Take all the time you need!"

Percy laid down on the bed, massaging his temples while Artemis continued to drink. At one point, she asked if she could give him a massage, to which he agreed. He laid on his stomach, and Artemis pulled up his shirt and rubbed his back and his shoulders. Percy could feel how strong she was, and yet it wasn't done in a way that hurt. On the contrary, her massages really soothed him, and rejuvenated his energy. After several minutes of the massage, Artemis went close to his ear.

"Are you ready now?" she asked. Percy nodded, giving her a thumbs up, thanking her for the massage.

"Great!" she replied, giving him a kiss on the cheek.

}}

This is the updated version. I hope this better conveyed what I was going for. I didn't mean for it to come out that way originally. If there's any other place that needs revising, please let me know.

