The base of Desperation (Sticks-Sonic Boom)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-06-20 23:07

This story was suggested by @VaporFrog

. i hope you like it.

$$

"So then...." Amy said while looking at the big scary robot she and sticks just got done trashing.

"...Why do you think this thing is here?" Amy asked. She and sticks were just in the forest enjoying a little picnic when suddenly the giant robot came out and attacked them while repeatedly saying "Must...Transform...".

"The robotic overlords have decided to strike us once again and are planning to transform us into mindless drones just like them?!" Sticks yelled.

"........Uh...That...Or Eggman could be attacking us again." Amy said while resting her hammer on her shoulders.

"What is that planning now..." Amy asked. C'mon! Let's warn our friends!"

Amy ran in the direction of the village. Sticks ran after her friend but slowed down after feeling a jolt in her body.

"Oh no....I can feel it. They're coming. The invasion is getting closer and closer..." Sticks said as she felt a slight disturbance in her body.

".....Oh,wait." Sticks rubbed her belly and felt a slightly stronger pressure.

"Oh...it's just my bladder..." She said to herself. She briefly considered taking care of it now while she was still in the forest. I wouldn't have been the first time she did it outside.

"Sticks! Are you coming?"

...But amy was waiting for her,so she decided to hold it for now. She ran after amy and after a short run,they made it back to the village.

###

"So the egghead is trying to sneak attack us?" Sonic asked.

"Must be so. These robots appeared out of nowhere and he wasn't anywhere to be found." Amy replied.

"So what do we do now?" Tails asked.

"We should just go over there and check what he's planning this time..." Sonic said.

"We could do that....or,we could sneak in to give him a taste of his own medicine." Tails suggested.

"Ehh...i don't know. Barging in and smashing his robots seem way more fun...." Sonic said.

"I'm gonna have to agree with Tails on this one,I kinda want to give him a taste of his own medicine" Amy said.

"Yeah,we're gonna sneak into his lab and get some answers. i will not allow him to sneakily convert my home into a mechanical paradise!" Sticks replied.

"Hmm...What do you think knuckles?" Sonic asked.

.......

.......

"Knuckles?"

Everyone turned to knuckles and saw him sleeping on the couch. Sonic grabbed a pillow and threw it at his head.

"Huh? What?"

"We were discussing what we were gonna do about Eggman Attacking the island." Tails said.

"....We could...uhh...punch the robots?" Knuckles said with a nervous smile.

"3 against 2...Looks like we'll be sneaking into his base then! Amy said.

Sonic sighed and got up from the seat. The group made their way out of the house and sticks was about to follow them out of there until she felt another twinge in her body. She turned around and looked at the bathroom door. She wanted to take care of things now but...

*Boom*

Sticks heard a loud explosion coming from outside.

"It must be more of those robots! The apocalypse really is upon us!" Sticks said to herself. She ran outside and skidded to a halt as she saw her friends fighting another one of those robots.

Sticks grabbed her boomerangs and threw them at the robots legs. This knocked the robot down and allowed Sonic to strike it with a spin dash. With the robot down,Amy smashed the robot with her hammer and destroyed it.

"He made quite the sneaky robots this time..." Tails said.

"C'mon! Let's head to the base immediately!" Amy said.

"Wait! May a few of us should stay behind. In case more of those robots try to sneak up on us..." Tails said.

Right on cue,another robot appeared and fired a laser at the group.

"Sonic,Knuckles! You two stay behind and defend the island. Tails,help us get to the base!" Amy yelled.

Tails nodded and the girls followed him to the tornado while Sonic and Knuckles stayed behind to fight the robots.

###

Tails was now behind the pilots wheel,while sticks and Amy were sitting together in the co-pilot's cockpit.

"We should be at the base shortly!" Tails said.

"We know tails. We've flown there many times before." Amy raised. While they were flying there however,Sticks was shaking one of her legs in an attempt to ease the slight pressure that was slowly getting stronger.

"Hey Sticks,Are you okay? You look a bit nervous." Amy asked.

"You mean more than usual?" Tails asked.

"Hey! You gotta stay on your toes. Even out here...They could be watching us!" Sticks said. Amy shook her head and went back at staring at the ocean. Sticks let out a loud exhale and waited for the tornado to land.

###

After a few more minutes of flying,the tornado landed near Eggman's base. Tails hid the plane behind a boulder and looked around.

"Looks like the base is clear. You two go on ahead,i'll stay here to check up on Sonic and Knuckles.

Amy and sticks jumped out of the tornado and started sneaking their way towards the base. Sticks about to strike the door,but amy quickly stopped her.

"We're trying to sneak in,remember?!" Amy asked. She then looked around and then came up with an idea.

"I've got it! How about we use the sewage system? He'll never see us coming then!" Amy said.

"I dunno. They could be watching us from down there too." Sticks said. That's when she noticed that amy was gone. Sticks groaned and looked for her until she saw the open drain. Sticks took a deep breath and entered the sewers.

###

Amy and Sticks carefully made their way through the sewers of the lab.

"Ugh...Can we hurry it up?" Sticks asked.

"Relax,Sticks. We don't want to set off any traps do we?" Amy said. Sticks groaned and crossed her arms while tapping her foot. She had lost track of how many minutes had passed since they entered the sewers. Not only was the smell horrible,but she also had another problem. The pressure in her body was getting stronger and stronger by the minute and it was starting to get a little difficult to ignore. And the running water in the sewers was unable to keep her distracted. If anything,it felt like the pressure got slightly stronger whenever she looked at it. She never quite understood how that worked.

"Hold on. I think i see a drain up there,let me check!" Amy said. She jumped up and opened the drain. Sticks slowly approached the vent,but quickly backed off when she heard some lasers. Amy quickly jumped back into the sewers and pulled out her hammer.

"Oh no! I think he figured out we're here! Those turrets started firing at me the moment i exited the drain." Amy said. Suddenly,a few bee bots then entered the sewers and started shooting at the duo. Amy and Sticks quickly made a run for it. But sticks stopped and threw her boomerang at the Bee bots. Two of them were knocked down but the remaining ones followed the two. And to make matters worse,more of them were entering the vent. Amy and sticks kept running from the Bee bots until they eventually found a tunnel to hide in. They hid inside the tunnel and waited for the Bee Bots to leave. It took a while for them to leave as some of them stuck around for a few minutes to look for the duo,but they left and the two were completely undetected.

"That was too close." Amy said.

"We got lucky this time. Maybe we should start digging tunnels back home for when the invasion happens..." Sticks said.

"R-right..Anyways,C'mon! Let's go back!" Amy said.

"Uhh...Which way was the drain again?" Sticks asked. Amy looked around,but she didn't remember which side the two came from.

"Oh no....."

###

*Clang*

Amy jumped out of another drain and posed. Sticks slowly stepped out of the sewers and sniffed her arms.

"Bleeeugh...I'm gonna be spending a lot of time bathing after this." She said.

"I told you it wouldn't take long to find a drain!" Amy said.

"How long have we been down there?" Sticks asked. Amy opened her mouth as if to answer,but then she shrugged.

"But that's not important. if Eggman sent more robots during that time,Sonic and Knuckles are able to defeat them." Amy said. Sticks raised her shoulders and started walking down an empty hallway with amy. However,she occasionally slowed down and rubbed her legs together. She really wanted to pee now as the pressure in her bladder was starting to bug her.

"Sticks? Why are you all the way back there?" Amy asked. Sticks looked up and quickly ran up to amy.

"Are you okay?" Amy asked with a concerned look.

"Yeah,i just gotta take a leak..." Sticks said. Amy was caught off-guard by the bluntness of that statement.

"I uhh...i see. Well,don't worry! We should be done soon! All we've gotta is storm the lab and attack sneak attack eggman!" Amy said. Amy opened another door,but she quickly closed it when she saw some motobugs approaching

"Ooooookay,looks like it might take us a bit longer than i expected." Amy said with a nervous smile.

"Ugh...i told you they could be watching us from down the sewers! They're always watching!" Sticks said. The two quickly ran away from the door. The door opened and the Motobugs ran after the duo. Amy pulled out her hammer and started spinning around with it,knocking away multiple motobugs. Sticks threw her boomerang and ricocheted it against 6 Motobugs. However,more of then showed up and charged towards out heroines. Amy swung her hammer and knocked out the Motobugs one by one. While Sticks used her boomerang to trick shot those that got near her. But each time she moved,she could feel a twinge in her body. Despite this,she managed to keep focus on the Motobugs. However,More of them kept coming with each wave they took out.

"Man,Looks like he's stepping his game up!" Amy said as she kept swinging at the incoming Motobugs. Sticks just kept throwing her boomerangs and ignoring the pressure in her bladder,hoping it would all be over soon.

###

"Okay...Okay,i think that's all of them..." Amy said she went through the door. Sticks wandered behind her with her body completely slouched. But another sharp twinge made her stand upright.

"Oh! I gotta take a leak..." Sticks said out loud. Amy turned around and looked at her wide eyed.

"Sticks! Use your indoor voice when you're talking about stuff like that!" Amy said.

Sticks raised an eyebrow. She noticed that whenever someone needed to use the bathroom,they would use confusing metaphors. She never understood why some people would look at you weirdly whenever you simply announced you needed to pee.

"Just hold it for a bit longer,we should be reaching Eggman's room soon!" Amy said. Unfortunately,it seems their progress was gonna be delayed even more. As Sticks spotted more sentries.

"Argh! THESE CONTRAPTIONS ARE EVERYWHERE!!!!" Sticks said. The sentry fired some missiles at the duo,but they quickly jumped out of the way. Sticks landed and quickly crossed her legs. She found it very difficult to ignore her bladder now. Amy spun her hammer around and knocked away the missiles being fired at her.

"Sticks! Trick Shot!" Sticks looked at the sentries and quickly threw her boomerangs at them. The Boomerang flew in a curve and knocked down the sentries. Sticks caught the boomerang and prepared to throw it again. But She didn't see any sentries another sentries.

"Amy,okay. Let's move forward!" Amy said. Sticks took a few steps forward,but stopped to cross her legs again. If she didn't take care of thing now,her bladder was gonna make it impossible for her to focus.

"Sticks,C'mon!" Amy said. Sticks followed her and quickly caught up to her.

"Amy,i really need to pee now." Sticks said.

"Relax,we're almost at Eggman's room" Amy said.

"You said the exact same thing a while ago.." Sticks replied.

"I know...But we got slowed down because of those enemies. Just hold it for a bit longer." Amy said.

"Ugh..." Sticks said.

"Just try not to think about your bladder. Try thinking of something else to distract you from your need to pee." Amy said.

"Yeah...Yeah,i can do that. Hmm..." Sticks stopped and thought. Amy grinned and gave her a few examples.

"How about you think of some stuff from back home?"

"Yeah! Like the beautiful trees." Sticks said.

"Or the wonderful houses."

"Or the beautiful glowing caves,free from the eyes of the government..."

"Or the running rivers that make you want to go for a swim..." Amy said with a grin.

"Huh?"

"Or the waterfalls that make the shhhhhh sounds." Amy continued. Sticks groaned and placed her hands between her legs.

"Or all the fishes that splish and splash in said rivers." Amy said with a wide grin.

"Okay,Stop that..." Sticks said while rubbing her legs together.

"Okay okay...i'll stop. just keep thinking about the forest until we reach eggman. Okay?" Amy said.

"Okay." Sticks replied while the two kept walking down the hallway.

"After all. Once we defeat him. We'll be....Number one." Amy said while laughing.

"I SAID STOP THAT!"

###

"Oh...i gotta take a leak so badly." Sticks said.

"I know sticks. You've been talking about it for forever now." Amy said. The two arrived at the HQ room,But Eggman was nowhere to be found. Not even orbot or cubot were there.

"Man,he's hiding from us two now. He really is bringing his A-Game..." Amy said. Sticks ignored what amy said and looked around the room. She really needed to go now and all that talk about water that amy gave her didn't help at all. If it were up to her,she would've gone right there and then. But she knew she would get an earful from Amy.

The two returned to the hallways and kept looking around for the good doctor. All while Sticks tried to ignore the urine that was begging to be released from her bladder.

"Hmmm....Hey sticks! Look!" Amy said. Sticks looked at where she was pointing and her eyes got as wide as dinner plates. In front of her was a big door with two blue figures on it. One representing a human male and one representing a human female.

"C'mon! You can relieve yourself here!" Amy said.

"Uh-uh! Forget about it! I am not doing my business there! What if there are cameras in there! or what if there are robots hiding in the toilets! Those robots have many ways of sneaking up on you!" Sticks said as she looked around.

"C'mon sticks. Bathrooms are supposed to be a safe place. I doubt Eggman would put traps on the same place he goes to relieve himself." Amy said as she pushed sticks into the restroom. Sticks The door closed behind her and she was now alone with a toilet right in front of her.

"You better not try anything funny!" Sticks wait. She was about to take off her skirt,but then she heard a loud clang. She looked up and saw multiple bee bots peeking out of the vent.

"I KNEW IT! NOT EVEN THE LAVATORIES ARE SAVE NOW!" Sticks said as she desperately tried to open the door.

"Sticks? Are you okay?" Amy asked. She got an answer in the form of sticks bolting out of the restroom with multiple bee bots chasing after her. Amy leaped towards the bee bots and smashed them with her hammer in one swing. Sticks stopped running and hunched over while holding her crotch tighter.

"So...Are you gonna go?" Amy asked.

"No way! I'm not going back there!" Sticks said as she started speed walking away from the toilet. Amy just shrugged and followed her friend.

###

"Did we get them?!" Eggman asked as he looked at his monitor.

"I don't think so. They've been wrecking every single wave of robots we sent to them." Orbot said.

"Why are they here again?" Cubot asked. Eggman shrugged,but then he heard the door behind him open.

"There he is!" Amy said. She leaped towards the doctor and swung her hammer. Eggman quickly jumped out of the way and barely dodged Amy's swing. While he was trying to get back up,Amy pointed her hammer at him.

"Start talking eggman!" Amy said.

"Uhh....If you all wanted to talk,you didn't have to sneak in and wreck hundreds of my robots" Eggman snidely said. Amy poked his nose with her hammer.

"What were you planning to do?!"

"Huh?!"

"Why did you send those robots after us?!" Amy asked.

"Because you two broke into my house! Why else?" Eggman yelled.

"No,i mean the robots in the forest!"

"What?" Eggman asked in confusion.

"The giant scary looking robots that kept talking about how they must transform us! Why did you sent them to our island?! Did the government tell you to do so?!" Sticks asked while shaking her body and trying to hold back her pee.

"Wait...i didn't send those robots after you!"

"Huh?" Amy and Sticks both said in confusion.

"Those were robots i made several months ago. I intended to use them to enslave the island. They seemed to work perfectly...until they started seeing me as a target!"

Amy and Sticks still looked at eggman with a shocked look on their faces.

"They nearly destroyed the entire lab. We were able to shut them down,but i ran out of room in the storage,so i ended up dumping them in the ocean. They must've drifted onto your island." Eggman explained.

"I'm guessing the robots must've been waterproof in order to survive being tossed into water." Amy said.

"EEP!"

Amy turned around and saw Sticks doing a potty dance.

"Uhh...Why is she...." Eggman asked.

"I can't take it anymore!" Sticks said as she ran out of the room.

"H-Hey! Where are you going?!" Eggman asked as he tried to get up. Amy however,held her hammer overhead.

"Stay down! You still made those robots! So don't think i'm letting you off the hook!" Amy said.

###

Sticks made it out of the room and closed the door behind her.

"I gotta wee,i gotta wee,i gotta wee!" Sticks repeated. She ran a short distance away from the door until she felt like she was far away enough. She reached for below her skirt and raised it completely,revealing a complete lack of underwear. She quickly popped a squat and looked around to make sure she was safe.

Once she was sure,she released all control over her bladder and let out a stream that splattered against the floor below her,slowly creating a puddle that got bigger and bigger. Sticks closed her eyes and let out a giggle followed by a long sigh of relief. She closed her eyes and a smile appeared on her face as she finally let go of all the urine she had been holding.

She opened her eyes and looked at the walls of the hallway. She was really wishing she would've done this while she was still in the forest. The forest made her feel relaxed and in her element. Whereas in these hallways,she felt like someone could be watching her despite all of the walls. Her stream seemed to go on for quite a while,but eventually it go weaker until it completely stopped. Sticks stood upright again and straightened her skirt. She looked at the puddle below her and smiled. This was probably the biggest puddle she had created in her life.

"Sticks! Sticks where are you?!" Amy asked. She then spotted the badger and ran up to her.

"There you are. You had me worried for a second. Did you make it to the...." Amy's words trailed off as her eyes slowly focused on the big puddle in front of her. Amy looked at sticks with wide eyes.

"Hey! I couldn't hold it anymore! Besides,There could still be bee bots in that toilet even as we speak." Sticks said.

"Fair point....Ugh...let's just get out of here and tell Sonic about all of this." Amy said. She then looked at the puddle and gritted her teeth.

"Except for this...i don't think they want to hear this part." Amy said. She and Sticks made their way to the base's exit.

Eggman walked down the hallway while having a hand on his head.

"Ugh....i'm really gonna need a nap after this..." Eggman said.

"Umm...perhaps we might need a cleanup crew too.." Orbot said.

Eggman looked at the robot with a confused look. But then he looked at where he was pointing and his face turned red with anger.

"DID THAT BLASTED BADGER-"

*004*2021-10-07 12:32

{{46 minutes ago, LydiaPrower8 said:

Delete your Girlfriend fic.

}}

Uh…Why?

*006*2021-10-07 15:57

{{19 minutes ago, LydiaPrower8 said:

Because I don't think there'd be much to go on with that character. I know it seems hypocritical considering I've drawn omo of FNF characters.

}}

I don’t see that as a reason to delete the story though…

