Shyness will be the end of her pants

Author: Omolover222

*000*2022-04-13 14:36

Lola Kelly had flowing, curly rust colored hair with pale skin and freckles.

She had on a tight white one piece, which created a camel toe effect on her crotch and shows off her boobs as she was bra less.

She was steadily drinking a glass of coke when her boyfriend knocked on the door.

…

She was on the road with her boyfriend as her bladder rapidly filled with urine. It had been all that coke. Suddenly her boyfriend pulled into a service station. He shifted around and said to her

”Ima go to the bathroom”

She could see an almost imperceptible wet patch glistening on his pants.

She was still to embarrassed to admit she needed to pre even though she needed to go even worse than he did.

He nipped into the mens bathroom fast but to his disappointment he encountered a small line. He crossed his legs and shifted about as the lines freed up (there about 3 people in front of him). He hurriedly pulled down his pants and whipped out his dick and started peeing freely. He found a small wet patch on his pants that was fortunately not very visible.

He washed his hands and left, slightly embarrassed.

Meanwhile Lola saw him come out and she left the station with him as the ladies line had failed to profresses forward. She sat down in the seat and squirmed discreetly

…

Her bladder was going to burst.

“Can you possibly pull over and let me pee? I can’t hold it!”

She was holding herself and squirming.

”You can’t pee in public!”

*002*2022-07-17 14:50

REWRITE & PART TWO!

Lola Kelly had pale skin, freckles, gingery hair and grey-blue eyes. She wore a tight white jumpsuit, and a white bra and panties underneath. Despite being 18 years of age, she had a smaller bladder and smaller breasts.

Suddenly, her alarm went off. She jumped up in her bed as she looked at the clock. 8:30! She was late! She changed into her jumpsuit and ran to school, grabbing her bag.

She still arrived late so her teacher made her stay in during recess and lunch. Her bladder was already full of urine (over 8 hours worth) when she arrived into school but by the time school ended, her bladder was swelling out, making an obvious bulge on her abodomen. She squirmed as she waited in line of the bathroom at the end of the day. However, her boyfriend came over from the mens room and it was time to go on their trip.

As the car zoomed down the motorway, Lola squirmed, her bladder rock hard with over 16 hours of urine. Urine drizzled into her pants and she whimpered as she struggled to control her stream, pee flowing out.

The car zoomed past a service station and Lola squirmed even more. Eventually she knew she had to say something, or else she’d pee her boyfriends car.

“Anon… do you mind if you pull over? I’m going to wet myself!” She gasped.

“Where?” Replies her boyfriend.

“Just…” She gasps as a stream of pee escapes her. “THERE!”

Her boyfriend pulls into the emergency lane, hazards on.

Her boyfriend helped to undo her zip and they got rid of her jumpsuit, found a jar and she peed into it.

End

