Valerie 4: Showtime!

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-02-28 11:37

SHOWTIME!

The next morning I thought the girls had forgotten about their plan to make me wet my pants for them. Angela, Valerie's mother, had taken their father to Pisa airport and would by now be in the top-brand boutiques of Florence, giving a one-woman boost to the Italian economy. Emily and Amanda had taken the battered old Fiat into the nearby town, planning to have a look round the boutiques there before loading up with supplies at the supermarket. Valerie and I took the opportunity to get some studying done - although we were in the long holidays Valerie and I were both on postgraduate courses at university so we each had a stack of recommended reading to tackle.

When they returned, Emily and Amanda set up lunch under the pergola in the grounds of their parents' Tuscan villa and called us down. The girls, pretty in their bikinis and straw hats, chatted away about Emily and Amanda's shopping trip and once again no mention was made of their plans for me, though I noticed that someone had thoughtfully placed two large bottles of Peroni lager by my place at the table, together with a carafe of water.

After we had cleared lunch away Valerie turned to me with her mischievous smile. "OK Tom, time to change into those Speedos. We will see you down by the pool when you are ready. And no using the loo whilst you are changing!"

Feeling more than a little selfconscious in nothing but my very brief swimming trunks, I walked out of the villa and down the path that led to the pool. Pressure was building but I was by no means desperate to pee.

When I arrived at the pool I found that the girls had strung bunting between the sun umbrellas and had arranged three fold-up chairs in a row, with tables for drinks between them.

Valerie's iphone was on the table beside her in readiness, presumably, to video the procedings. Emily, who was studying fine art at university, had a sketch pad and pencil ready and was saying something to the others about taking the opportunity to work on her life drawing skills this afternoon. Amanda, the little minx, had three tubs of popcorn and was handing one to each of her sisters. They were obviously all intending to make this as embarassing as possible.

The girls took their seats as I stood there uncertainly in my mid-blue Speedos. "Ooh look! Budgie smugglers!!" squealed Amanda.

Valerie, who seemed to be in charge, looked at me over the tops of her sunglasses, her face deadpan but her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Whenever you are ready, Tom!"

"Here goes" I thought. I placed my legs apart, concentrated hard and....nothing happened. The more I tried to pee, the worse my stage-fright became and the more ridiculous I felt.

"Not very interesting so far, is it?" commented Amanda. I felt my manhood shrivel under their combined gaze.

"It's not difficult, Tom" said Valerie helpfully "All you have to do is wee."

More concentration. More inaction.

"Um.....could you strike a few poses for me whilst you are thinking about it, Tom dear?" requested Emily. "You know, like those statues in Florence?" Valerie and Amanda snorted with laughter.

Eventually I managed a small spurt before my conditioning automatically slammed on the brakes again. I could feel a spreading patch of wetness in the pouch of my Speedos and a dribble hit the ground. There was a loud click from Valerie's phone camera.

"Is that it?" exclaimed Amanda. "I can do much better! She stood up. She was wearing a tiny scarlet bikini, bought on her shopping expedition that morning. The top half consisted of two small triangles held together with ribbon, behind which could be seen the soft flesh of her small but perfectly shaped breasts. The bottom was a scrap of fabric secured by ribbons tied in bows on either side. I found myself wondering whether a pull on one of the bows would cause the whole thing flutter to the ground.....then the scrap of fabric darkened between her legs and a stream glistened in the sunlight, splashing in a puddle at her feet. Instantly I felt my cock harden in my briefs, placing the chances of a successful pee even further out of reach.

"Er... maybe if I had a swim first to cool down?" I pleaded.

"OK" said Valerie "but absolutely no weeing in the pool! It is a family rule and in any case it would not get you off the hook today."

As soon as the cold water of the pool enveloped my abdomen, the urge for relief became intense. I knew I would lose control if I started to swim so I just dipped underwater a couple of times and hastily clambered out.

I returned to my stage in front of the girls, placed my legs firmly apart and my hands on my hips and pissed like a racehorse.

"That was much better" said Amanda with something approaching admiration.

"It looked pretty good from here too" commented her mother from behind me.

