High Tide at Salmon Run 3: The Big Run (Deep Cut (Splatoon) )

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-05-16 13:37

Apologies for the absence. Like i've said, Internship's been keeping me busy. I should be done sometime in july. Also,i know i've said in my status that i was planning to do a DK story after this. But i've decided to put that on hold for now,cause i have a few other suggestions i want to get to.

Anyways. As you can tell by the title,i'm doing another Salmon Run themed story. for the 3rd time. How fitting. And this time it stars a group of idols instead of a random inkling/Octoling. And during Big Run too.

Funny thing is, i was planning to make two seperate stories. One for just Deep Cut and one about Salmon Run. But then the Big Runs happened and after the second one i thought. "Fuck it, i'm going to combine the two themes."

Alright, enough with the explanations. Hope you enjoy the story!

&&

“Man, I knew Salmonids were relentless. But this is just…” Shiver said as she stared out of the helicopter. The sky was Red, the cloud formed several rings. To the Lay-cephalopod it might’ve looked like the apocalypse. And in a way; it was.

As of last week, Grizzco. Industries had officially declared a Big Run. Hundreds of Salmonids were making their way though Splatsville and Inkopolis, destroying anything in their path. And this was the Second Big run in the span of just a few months. The Book of Madai led her to believe that this was one of those events that only happened every 100 years or so.

The first time they specifically targeted Wahoo World and now they’re targeting Inkblot Art Academy.

“They pick the weirdest spots to invade too. Like, Inkblot Art academy? Really? Can Salmonids even get a degree?”

Shiver turned to her partner, Frye. The Yellow colored inkling was sitting there, Forgoing her usual “Anarchy Splatcast” duds in favor of the New standard Grizzco Uniform. Shiver was dressed in one of those too and she was amongst the Inklings and Octolings would readily admit that these clothes weren’t exactly the freshest in Splatsville. But she understood that it was more about practicality than style when it came to Grizzco work.

“Attention Workers! We are approaching our destination!” Mr. Grizz said over the helicopter Radio.

“Ay,Ay?.....(Hey, where did they get that radio exactly? And who do you think is running the company now?)” The 3rd member of Deep Cut said. They all turned to the giant Manta Ray inspecting the new radio. Unlike his two partners, Big Man was only wearing the helmet as Grizzco didn’t have any Manta-sized uniforms.

“Yeah! it didn’t always look like that, did it?” Frye asked.

“Focus you two. We have a job to do and we gotta do it right!” Shiver said as she grabbed her Weapon.

“Yeah! Time to show these Salmonids how we do things here in Splatsville!.....Shame I couldn’t bring my eels around.” Frye said as she eyed her Splatana.

“Ay? (They’re helping defend the rest of Splatsville along with Master Mega, right?)” Big Man asked.

“Yup, So we gotta use weapons this time. It’s been a hot minute since I’ve used this.” Shiver said with a smile as she aimed her Tri-Stringer around.

“I’m not complaining! I’ve been dying to show off what squids of the Onaga Clan are made off!” Frye said.

“Yeah, with how many Ink-Well Chillers you’ve been chugging down, I can believe that…” Shiver said.

“Hey, I need all the ink I can get if I’m gonna teach these Salmonids who’s boss!” Frye said.

“The answer is me. I’m the boss…” Mr. Grizz said over the radio. “Prepare to disembark!”

The members of Deep Cut got up and waited for the Helicopter door to open. They looked down and saw their destination. Inkblot Art Academy. Frye and Shiver turned into their Squid and Octopus forms respectively and Super Jumped to the center of the Academy.

“Watch out, Salmonids! The eel deal is here!” Frye said as she began swinging her Splatana and covering as much ground as she could with her ink.

Shiver carefully observed the area and saw several gushers spewing ink upwards.

“Yup, they’re here…” Shiver said to herself. She exhaled from her now.

“Cod, We just HAD to leave right after the broadcast…” Shiver said as she rubbed her thighs together. In the time it took for the helicopter to travel from the Splatlsville to Inkopolis, Shiver had become all to aware of her every growing need to…Empty her ink tank. Following the emergency broadcast, Shiver didn’t have any time to make a quick trip to the Octoling’s room. Not when everyone in the building was scrambling to get out. One of her attempts to head to the bathroom was immediately halted by a bunch of other staff member urging her to evacuate.

The restrooms at Grizzco were denied from her too. Cause much like in the studio, Inklings and Octolings alike were all scrambling to get to the helicopters and that rendered Shiver unable to sneak away for a pit stop.

The result was Shiver now having to deal with her bladder urging her to perform a different kind of evacuation.

“Ay? (You good,Shiver?)” Big Man asked.

“Yeah, just taking a second to brace myself.” Shiver said,Gripping her stringer.

“Ay? (Are you nervous?)”

“What? No! I’m not scared of those Pinkfish! I can assure you we’re gonna splat the shell out of them!” Shiver said.

“Well, we’ll certainly have a lot of Splatting to do…Look over there!” Frye said as she pointed at one of the gushers. Several Chums and Cohocks were jumping out of them and lumbering towards the trio.

“Heh…You lip sinch. We drip ink!” Shiver said proudly.

“Ay! (Shiver,Frye and Big Man!)” Big Man cheered.

###

“Argh! Can someone take out that flyfish! It’s throwing my balance off!” Frye complained.

“Ay! (On it!)” Big man shouted as he tossed a Splat Bomb into the Fly Fish’s launchers.

Shiver tossed a few Golden Eggs into the basket and then swam away. Aiming and firing from her Tri-Stringer at Every Salmonid the came across.

She danced around her ink, making her way towards the next Boss Salmonid that would surrender it’s Golden eggs. The Shark Tamer stopped dead in her tracks when she saw a lure sticking out of the Salmonid Ink. She backflipped and avoided getting caught in the Maws of….well, a Maws.

Upon landing, she felt a sharp pain going through her body. Ignoring it, She stood there and waited patiently for the lure to come to her again. Once it was below her, she jumped away and left a Splat Bomb behind for the Maws. The Boss Salmonid ate the bomb and exploded, leaving behind 3 Golden Eggs.

“Ha! I’m already familiar with such techniques thanks to Master Mega. Shiver said as she pulled out her fan and posed with it. She then gritted her teeth and fanned herself. So far the first way of enemies was going pretty smoothly. But every few minutes, she could feel a familiar twinge with every step.

She was on an Academy Campus. And Academies had plenty of toilets. And yet she couldn’t go through with it for a few reasons.

The main reason: the coddamn Salmonids were invading the Academy. She had to protect her group and the other inklings. And while she had no doubt that the other two members of Deep Cut could defend themselves, They would certainly notice her absence. And she did not want to tell them “Hey, I know were in the middle of fighting off a bunch of salmonids, but I need to leave and take a piss.”

Not to mention that with the Salmonids overrunning the Academy, Even if she could sneak off to relieve herself there was also the chance that a stray Salmonid could jump her while she was on the can.

So her only option now was to hold it until she could get some breathing room from the Salmonids. And Salmonids didn’t seem to know what a "breathing room" was.

“THIS WAY!” Frye shouted. Shiver broke out of her thoughts and followed her partner. Stopped dead in her tracks when she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen. Though, this time it wasn’t because of her bladder. But because she got stuck by a Stinger Salmonid. The Octoling quickly turned into her octopus form and swam out of the Stingers way. She took a moment to lean against the wall and regain her composure. She knew hiding behind a wall was useless since the Stinger’s attack could phase through walls. She continued moving, baring her sharp shark-like teeth as she advanced. The pain from the stingray subsided, But she still wasn’t free from the twinge of her bladder.

She charged up her Tri-Stringer and fired at any Lesser Salmonid approaching her. But soon a familiar reticle appeared below her feet. She jumped out of the way and barely managed to avoid getting splatted by the rockets of a Flyfish. She kept running and splatting any salmonid that try to take a swing at her while the Flyfish continued its relentless assault.

“Can someone please take that devilfish down? Seriously!” Shiver shouted. Those were always the salmonids that everyone wanted gone but nobody wanted to take out.

“Ay! (On it!)” Big Man said as he charged through the salmonid ink. He did not have a weapon and instead relied on his set of bombs and his Manta abilities. You might call it cheating during a regular shift, but seeing as this was anything but a regular shift, she doubted they’d hear any complains from Mr. Grizz.

The Flyfish stopped firing and gave Shiver a second to stop. She crossed her legs and locked around. There was no spot in the entire campus that didn’t have a salmonid in it.

She briefly contemplated popping a squat where she was standing and taking care of it there before it got any worse….

“OW!” Shiver said as she stumbled forward. She turned around and saw a few Smallfry swarming around her and trying to take swings at her. Shiver jumped and fired down, Splatting the little Salmonids instantly.

“How do I keep letting my guard down around those. Why couldn’t they be docile like that little buddy in Alterna?” Shiver said as she brushed her hand against where the Smallfry had struck.

###

“*Ha! They were no match for us!” Frye said as she bounced up and down.

“Ay? (You know we’re not done yet, right?) ” Big Man asked. Shiver laid down next to the egg basked and crossed her legs while bouncing one up and down.

She was breathing in and out, trying her hardest to focus and ignore her increasingly aching bladder.

“Yo! Shiver! What’s biting at ya?” Frye asked as she continued to jump up and down.

“Huh?” Shiver broke away from her focus and eyed her teammates.

“Ay? (Are you feeling okay?)” Big Man asked.

“Of course! Even the meanest of sharks needs to rest a little.” Shiver said.

“Well, try not to get TOO chill. I think I see the next bunch of salmonids coming.” Frye said as she stopped bouncing and held her Splatana in front of her.

Shiver got up, gritting her teeth at the stronger twinge she felt.

“You can do this shiver. Sharks don’t have to worry about peeing while they’re on the hunt!” Shiver said with a grin. But then another thought hit her.

“Then again…sharks have the entire ocean to do it.” Shiver said to herself.

“AY?! (Are those….GLOWFLIES?!)” Big Man shouted. With just that one sentence, Shiver’s heart sunk.

###

“Back! Back all of you! Back I said!” Frye said as she wildly swung her Splatana around.

“Ay! (We still need those golden eggs!)” Big Man said. Shiver went in and grabbed whatever eggs she could while moving out of the way of the raging Chum's stampede. The Glowflies were circling around Frye and that meant the Chums were specifically targeting her. Big Man and Shiver did what they could to keep the Salmonids at bay, but eventually the Glowflies began circling around Shiver.

“Huh? Oh, no no no! Not like this!” Shiver whispered as she crossed her legs. Almost immediately every Chum in the vicinity began chasing after her. So shiver did the only thing the could think of. She transformed into a squid and began swimming up a wall. The Salmonids barreled towards the wall and tried their hardest to strike down the Glowfly encased Octoling.

“Hang in there, Shiver!” Frye and Big Man said as they began striking down the Chum and harvesting whatever Eggs they could get out of the swarm.

Meanwhile, Shiver was not exactly having a good time.

“Ahh…Ahh! Ahh…Ohh….Hurry up…” Shiver whimpered while in her Octopus form. The pain she felt from her bladder seemed to have tripled after she turned into her octopus form. And transforming back into a humanoid meant, falling off the wall and getting splatted by the blood(Ink?) thirsty salmonids trying to get to her right now. So she had endure the pain surging through her entire small body right now.

“Ahh! Ohh…Ahh,It’s times like this where I wish….ahh….i could bring Master Mega with me….” Shiver kept moaning, feeling like her body was about to explode. Thankfully, Salvation came. The Glowflies soon disappeared and began circling around Big Man. Now with a little more room to breathe, She dropped of the wall and turned back into her humanoid form. The very second she did, she closed her legs and jammed her hands between them. Waiting for the pain in her body to subside. And it did….everywhere except her abdomen.

“Oh man…I don’t know how I managed that….” Shiver said to herself.

“AAAAAAY!? (CAN I HAVE SOME HELP HERE?!)” Big Man said as he hastily swam away from the Salmonids barreling towards him. Shiver got up and winced. Before she created a path of ink and ran towards Big Man. It would’ve been faster for her to turn into her Octo form, But she did not want to experience that sharp pain through her body again.

###

A sharp exhale escaped Shiver’s beak, as she leaned against the Egg Basket. Her hands were against the ropes and her upper body was bent forward as she rubbed her thighs together. Two waves later and her need to go had grown considerably with no way to relieve herself in sight. The salmonids were currently gone. But Shiver was very much familiar with how Salmonid waves worked. You only got about 10 seconds before the next wave would come in. Maybe an extra tree if they REALLY needed to prepare.

“Shiver! Try to keep the dances rated E, yeah?” Frye said as she hoped from on foot to the other. She had been doing that for a while now.

“Oh, I was just…stretching.” Shiver said with a blush as she stood straight up. Understanding the position she was in right now.

“Ay! (I think I see a griller heading this way!)” Big Man said. Sure enough, A red dot appeared on Shiver’s forehead. A telltale sign that a Griller was on the move ready to chase them down. Shiver groaned and tried to look for higher ground. Hopefully her teammates could take care of the school of Smallfy following the griller.

Frye began swinging her Splatana wildly like she had been doing the first two waves. She truck the tail of the griller and began wailing on it’s weak point with all her might. She gritted her teeth and was sweating buckets. The tamer of Eels was pushing her body to it’s limits right now to fend off the salmonids.

*SPLAT*

The griller exploded, allowing Frye to take a moment to relax.

“AH!” Frye said as she recoiled. Her moment having been interrupted by a stray Smallfry that had struck her. She stepped back and crossed her legs before swatting the stray Salmonid with her Splatana.

“Little jerk!” Frye shouted with her legs crossed. She looked around with one of her hands on her groin. Shiver hadn’t been the only one fighting her bladder while fighting Salmonids. Frye had been dealing with the consequences of drinking too many cups of Ink-Well Chillers since they got out of the helicopter. The constant pressure lead to her losing her focus several times and one too many close calls. Both in terms of getting splatted and in terms of her involuntarily creating a gusher of her own.

“Ooohh….It’s gonna come out…I gotta go soon!” Frye said to herself.

“FRYE! BEHIND YOU!” Shiver shouted. Frye’s eyes widened as she heard the sound of a griller closing in on her. She turned around and her heart sunk. She fell on her back as a griller was closing in on her, when It suddenly stopped dead in it’s tracks and began spinning around wildly. Exposing several weak spots in the process. Soon the Griller exploded and dropped several golden eggs.

“Gah….stay on your toes, Frye!” Shiver said. Frye got up and eyed her partner. She looked visibly strained as well.

“Must be exhausted. Heh, I guess she really is off her game today.” Frye said with a smirk before her smugness was cut short with another twinge.

“Oh,gotta go! GOTTA GO!” She whispered as she hoped from one foot the other in the same way she had done through the waves.

“Ay,Ay! (Alright! We took them down and we’ve met our Quota!)” Big Man cheered.

“W-Woohoo!” Shiver said with strained smile. That’s when Frye bumped into her and ran away. Shiver bent over and crossed her legs, sending a glare at her partner.

“Frye! What’s the big idea?!”

“Sorry! Can one of you keep watch?! I can’t hold it anymore!” Frye shouted.

“Wha?” Shiver asked in confusion. Her confusion transitioning to shock as she saw Frye hastily unbuttoning several of the buckles on her Grizzco uniform.

“Oh! It’s coming out! It’s coming out!” Frye whimpered as she dropped her vest and pulled down her jump suit. Revealing a yellow tank top she normally wore under her shawl and a lack of pants.

“H-Hey?! What are you doing?!” Shiver asked. Frye didn’t respond, But she quickly got an answer as Frye stepped out of her Jump Suit and bent over with her hands on her knees.

A stream of urine jetted out of her urethra as she leaned against the wall for support.

“HAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaahhhh………Oh, Sweet relief!” Frye moaned loudly. Shiver’s eyes widened and Big Man was in shock. Both idols quickly facing away from the scene that had presented itself. Big Man slowly backed away towards Frye. Using his big body to preserve whatever he could of Frye’s modesty. But there was no preserving the noises that were coming out of Frye, Which had reached Shiver’s ears.

“Oh! Oh! Why now, frye?!” Shiver said as she crossed her legs and clutched her fingers. It was amazing and shocking just how openly Frye was doing it. The sight of that, urging her to join her partner and do the same. But Shiver wasn’t about to do that. No matter how loudly her bladder was signaling her right now.

There were 3 waves and they had just finished the 3rd. All she had to do was jump back at the helicopter, wait for Grizzco to take them back to the HQ. And then she can use her break to relieve herself in the safety of-

EMERGENCY!!! EMERGENCY!!! EMERGENCY!!!

A loud alarm began blaring in the background. Shiver groaned and started bouncing up and down. That alarm could only mean one thing. A giant Salmonid rose out of the water and roared at the group. The surprisingly scary scream causing Shiver to jump.

“EEP!”

She jammed her hands between her legs and to her horror, she felt a wet spot in her panties. And to add to that horror, the Salmonid in question as the recently sighted new King Salmonid: The Horrorboros.

“Haaah…that’s better.” Frye said as she stood up, seemingly unconcerned with the fact any salmonid within the vicinity could’ve seen her naked lower body if it wasn’t for Big Man covering her.

“Ay? (Are you done back there?)” Big Man asked.

“Yup! I’m good. Cod, I really needed that." She said said as she began putting her uniform back on. As she was doing so, she had to do a double take as she saw what she was up against. She then eyed her partner, who was standing there shifting uncomfortably. Now that she got a closer look, it almost looked like she needed to….ohh…

“Well, that explains the trained posture from earlier. She’s usually much more focused. Frye said.

EMERGENCY!!!! EMERGENCY!!!

“Yeah, I’m having an emergency of my own right now!!!” Shiver silently cursed to the alarm.

Frye ran up to her partner and pointed at where she was standing earlier.

“Shiver, You can just go over there if you need to go. I’m sure Big Man won’t mind taking cover for a bit longer.” Frye said. Shiver eyed the King Salmonid hovering towards them.

“While that thing is around?! SHELL NO! PEDAL TO THE MEGALODON!” Shiver said with a forced smile as she charged towards the King Salmonid. Frye just watched as she scratched her head.

###

“Ahh!.....Oh,I’m at my limit….” Shiver said as she took cover. The Horrorboros continued to toss it’s bombs across the campus while Frye and Big Man fired at it and fent off any stray Salmonids.

Shiver looked around and shifted her weight around before she noticed a familiar lure right under her.

“EEP!”

She jumped out of the may and narrowly avoided getting splatted by a Maws. The Maws dove back into the water and chased the Shark tamer again.

“No! No! NO!” Shiver said as she closed her eyes and waited for the inevitable. Just then, Big Man jumped in and grabbed while leaving behind a bomb for the Maws to snack on. The Maws exploded and left behind 3 Golden Eggs. Frye swam up to the Golden Eggs and used as Ammo for her Egg Cannon.

“Shiver! Just go!” Frye urged her.

“But..But….ahhh!” Shiver said as she crossed her legs. She breathed in and out but she was unable to focus on anything but the dam that was threatening to break lose.

“Ay! Ay! (I’ll take cover! You don’t need to be ashamed!)” Big Man said.

Shiver rubbed her tights together while looking at Frye.

“Don’t worry about me! I’ll fend off whatever Salmonid comes this way just-“

The Horrorboros let out a loud screech that once again caught Deep Cut of guard. Shiver clutched her crotch and bent over. Another spurt escaped. One that was gonna turn into a puddle in her pants if she didn’t take care of it now.

Without saying a word, Shiver fumbled with her uniform. Big Man and Frye took the hint and did what they were self-assigned themselves to do. Shiver pulled down the Jumpsuit and blushed. Exposing her sarashi and her panties. She stepped out of the uniform and pulled down her panties while squatting. She hesitated for a few seconds before her bladder made the choice for her.

A powerful spurt of ink violently splattered against the ink below and created a puddle. Shiver bit her lip, trying to restrain herself from making any noises that could give away her location. But with her bladder now shrinking and ejecting several waves worth of stress, she couldn’t resist letting out a loud moan. One that Big Man thankfully didn’t comment on.

She almost fell over, But her hands landed on the floor below and she used those to keep herself balanced. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes. Relishing in the feeling of euphoria. Big Man remained still and used his fins to keep his partner out of view, All while Frye fended of the Salmonids and took shots at the Horrorboros whenever she could.

The Horrorboros let out a roar and began flying away. Around this time, Shiver’s stream was finally beginning to die down until only a couple of spurts came out.

“Uhh….by any chance, did you happen to bring any paper with you? Like a tissue?” Shiver asked with a nervous smile.

“Ay? Ay. (Why would you need paper, All you did was pee…)” Big man asked.

A few seconds of silence followed.

“Ay….Ay.... (Oh…wait, I forgot. Female inklings and octolings…Er, nevermind.)” Big Man said nervously as he looked away from the visibly embarrassed Shiver. She pulled her panties up and put her uniform back on. Frye approached her and put her Splatana away.

“So uhh…Bad news. The King Salmonid got away.” Frye said as she looked back.

“Ehh, I’m sure another group of inklings and octolings will take care of it…” Shiver said. The trio looked around as they heard to sound of a Helicopter caught their attention.

“I’m sure that must’ve been terrifying with how much you guys were hiding down there…But thanks for trying anyway.” Mr. Grizz said over the intercom. Frye just whistled while Shiver grabbed her fan and covered her face with it.

“But hey, At least you got a lot of Golden Eggs and got rid of all the Salmonids in this area.” Mr. Grizz said. The Helicopter door opened and the trio slowly approached it.

“But there are still several Salmonids scattered about that we need to take care of. So hurry up and get in here. Helicopter fuel isn’t free.” Mr. Grizz said. Deep Cut looked and each other and smiled.

“You lip-synch. We drip ink!” Shiver boasted.

“…..Oooor, well.... In this case. We dripped p-“ Shiver quickly wacked Frye in the face with her fan. Eliciting a giggle from the Eel tamer.

“A-Ay? (Umm…Shiver, Frye and Big Man?)” Big Man boasted. The trio scratched their heads at the awkward attempt at their signature intro before shrugging and jumping back into the Helicopter.

