Short Story - Need to Release

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2021-11-08 05:39

Featuring a character from my first writing, my 2nd writing is here. Mali has a tough time with this one as well. Feedback appreciated!

###

Mali [F] - 19 y/o, enjoys omo kinks without realizing it herself; often finds herself in situations to realize this liking.

Yuta [M] - unimportant this time, merely acts as the reason Mali can't go.

###

It's late summer, hot as always, with a need to hydrate as a higher priority than at other times of the year. Mali is aware of this, and drinks often at her summer-exclusive job as a food stand cashier on a peer in her neighboring town. Today she wears her employee T-shirt and jean shorts to accommodate for the heat while appearing somewhat job-formal. Having gone through the day, she was allowed bathroom breaks but couldn't find an opportunity to take her leave with all the business the stand was getting during the day. Getting to her car to head home, Mali was well aware that she needed to go, but brushed it off believing she'd be ok to get home in time to use her bathroom. She started off on her nearly 30 minute drive home, an increasing need to go growing on her. Upon arriving home and exiting her car, she couldn't stand straight up and down, the pressure on her stomach nearly too great.

"Shiiiiiiit this is more urgent than it needed to be," she sighs.

Subtly stumbling towards her home, she unlocks her door, sets down her bag on a table chair and heads towards her bathroom. She finds it with its door closed to her surprise, listens in, and remembers that her boyfriend Yuta was stopping over that day. Nonchalantly blasting music, Yuta takes a lukewarm shower to cool himself off on the hot day. Door locked, Mali jiggles the knob, asking Yuta to open up. No reply. Mali tugs at the doorknob, her voice becoming shakier, again asking Yuta to get in. Again, no reply follows. She bangs on the door, urgently demanding that Yuta opens the door to let her go. Incidentally, Yuta is listening to metal, and perceives Mali's bangs as the drums in his music. Once again, she gets no reply.

"God damnit!" she exclaims. "Shitshitshitshitshit how did I forget he'd be here. How is he this deaf?!"

Mali's legs now tremble, cross, shift and move around restlessly. Yuta showers continuously. Mali begins to consider her options. Hope to wait until Yuta stops his shower, wait to no avail and wet herself on the spot, or find some other way to let it all out. She tries to wait longer.

5 minutes pass, and Mali is forced to cover her crotch with her hand in attempt to prevent her leakage. However, she shortly finds this tactic useless.

Spurt. Fsh.

"NggGHH~" she whimpers as she leaks.

Though it was slight, it was enough for her hand to feel moisture, half seeping through her jeans. Her knees are now together, her legs spread apart on an angle. She lets out quick breaths controlling herself to the best of her ability at this point. In desperation she now waddles away from the bathroom door, refusing to wait for Yuta any longer. Her steps are heavy and serve no other purpose than to move her from point A to point B. She enters her kitchen and scans her surroundings. She spots an empty vase, and sets her eyes upon it. At this very moment, Yuta turns off the water to his shower as well as his music.

Mali notices. "FCK......I'm killing him later."

She's too far from the bathroom to make it though, and once again lays her eyes on the vase. She walks over steadily, using her countertop and table to act as stability. Mali grabs the vase and gives herself some room to do her deed. Her breaths heavy, she bends her top half over to undo her belt buckle, stretching barely too far, sending her beyond the point of return. The pressure in her bladder gives in as its pressed in front of her.

"ahfuck" she exhales.

Throwing down her jean shorts, her panties begin rapidly filling, soaking, dripping, and streaming. Mali reaches for her vase, clamping it between her legs. Shaking, she pulls down her panties as far as they reach down before hitting the vase. Her jeans damp at her ankles, vase awkwardly positioned, and her panties only half out of her way, she loses control. Her pee trickles behind her, onto her panties, into the vase and in front of the vase as she continues to shake in her state of panic and desperation. She shifts herself to grab hold of the vase, when a sudden jolt of her body tips the vase, unlodging it between her legs. It falls, still filling with pee on its way down.

"SHIT" she shouts.

Leaning forward trying to catch it, she loses balance under her still pressured bladder and trips onto her knees. Clank clank splash clank. Mali continues to pee, having lost all control and motor functions for a brief moment, a stream flooding out behind her. She squirms to get back up doing her absolute best to prevent anything more that she can while her jeans, now thoroughly soaked, keep her legs mostly bonded. Grabbing the vase, she shoves it between her legs and lets what she has left in the tank out. She takes 30 seconds to let it all out, all the while she's left in a state of panic and shock to keep her streams in the vase. Mali breaks from her trance and notices her hands and behind dripping, a long puddle far behind and under her. Unable to move, she simply stares. Yuta unlocks the bathroom door and walks out. He heads towards the kitchen having heard the ruckus. The two make eye contact.

He simply comments: "Hot."

###

Post story: Yuta gets face-slapped multiple times in rapid succession with pee-covered hands.

