"A Moment Just for Me…"

Author: Olfa

*000*2024-11-14 10:30

It was a warm, quiet afternoon—the kind of day when you want to forget the world and simply enjoy the moment. I was in my garden, gently swaying in the hammock, finishing a big glass of iced tea. I had been sipping on it, lost in the peace and quiet, not realizing how badly I was starting to need the bathroom. I was so comfortable, though, that I resisted the idea of getting up; I just wanted to stay there a bit longer, wrapped in my own space.

The urge grew stronger, and as the sun warmed my skin, the sensation intensified—a mix of urgency and excitement that I hadn’t felt before. “Just a little longer,” I told myself, almost tempting myself to see how long I could hold out. I felt a rising desire to let go, to simply let it happen, and the temptation to give in was almost as strong as the need itself.

Finally, I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and in that moment… I just let it happen. I felt warmth spreading gently, and a wave of relief washed over me as all the tension seemed to dissolve at once. It was an instant that felt endless, caught up in a mix of embarrassment and pleasure, warmth and coolness, as the garden around me stayed silent, almost as if it shared my secret.

When I finished, I stayed still for a few more seconds, still wrapped in that strange peace. I felt the lingering warmth in the fabric of my clothes, which clung to my legs, a reminder of what had just happened. The hammock had a tiny puddle that sparkled in the last golden light of the afternoon. Below me, the grass had absorbed a few drops, and the slightly damp ground held a faint trace of that unexpected moment. Despite the shyness I felt, I was calm, as if the garden had accepted my little secret, wrapping it in its silence.

I stayed there a bit longer, watching as the wetness slowly began to fade—a private memory that only I would know and that would disappear as soon as I got up. I knew that, with one more step, that moment would vanish forever, leaving behind only a sweet, secret memory in my mind.

