Persona 5 Strikers: Consummation and Impregnation with Urination Preview

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2022-10-21 20:07

Beginning Note: Another teaser, I swear I'm gonna continue writing full stories. I was just gone forever because of college and had to get something done, and this idea was in my head forever and couldn't let it go. To provide some context for this bizarre story, this is a preview/teaser chapter for my planned Persona 5 Strikers/Scramble story. It's an AU loosely based on the main game and the Strikers/Scramble spin off with some major changes to the plot, Akira and Takemi are a couple, along with Ann and Ryuji, Yusuke and Futaba, Makoto and Haru, Sae and Kawakami, Mishima and Chihaya, and Morgana and Sophia. Morgana is permanently in his human form in the real world, which was temporarily seen in Royal, however he and Sophia probably aren't going to be doing anything anytime soon.

All the Phantom Thieves and other mentioned Shujin students have just graduated college and are celebrating moving in with or even marrying their romantic partners, so the adult confidants scrounged up vacation money to celebrate. Ryuji and Ann might seem out of character but I read someone's head canon that they envisioned Ryuji as a submissive top and Ann as a dominant botom, which I surprisingly liked the thought of. This is the second chapter of the story so that's why the preview might seem out of order. PS, it's hard to explain why but I haven't finished the main storyline yet so please no spoilers or you will get blocked. I kind of have an idea about how it ends but I'd rather compare my vague theories to the real ending when the time comes. Anyways, warnings that apply to this preview and eventually the full fanfic: LOTS of sex and urination from men and women, straight and lesbian sex, pregnant sex, you know the drill. Hope you enjoy!

Ann x Ryuji: Caught With Their Pants Down

“Fuck, I need to pee!” Ann cried, jumping up and down, her large sweaty breasts bouncing along with rhythm. She had held it together in front of her friends, but now she and Ryuji were alone the blonde vivacious young woman started to give in to her urges. Ryuji did as well, although his urges were of a different nature. He couldn’t help but stare, his eyes soaking up the delicious sight of her tall, athletic, and voluptuous body shuddering with the need to release. Her delicious curves were barely covered by a tropical string bikini. 

Most guys seemed to like black swimsuits or underwear, but Ryuji thought that was lame. He didn’t know why, but the vibrant cyan, red and green floral patterns clinging to her curves made him hornier than any set of lacey lingerie could even hope to accomplish. Despite the rigorous sex marathon they and the other Phantom Thieves had engaged in, he was ready for another round. His cock sprang up and stiffened with joy, eager to join his lover’s cunt once more.

“There’s no public or private restrooms anywhere!” she continued to whine, still oblivious to the effect she had on her man. Still, her needs came first and he did his best to shut down his hormones, ignoring his brain and dick’s protests of outrage. “Shit Ann, maybe we should head back to the beach. I don’t want you pissing yourself here.”

“Neither do I, but it’s too late to go back.”

“Damn it Ann, why didn’t you just go there?”

“Someone could have seen!”

“Are you serious? You certainly weren’t concerned about anyone seeing us fuck! Besides, you bathe and shower with the girls all the time, you’ve even wet yourselves and cleaned each other up!”

“That’s not the same you dick! Girls can be intimate without being sexual, but being peeing together after just having sex is pushing the line! Besides, I don’t want to be anywhere near a horny Futaba right now, bless her heart but you know she wouldn’t be able to keep her composure.”

“Yeah right, I bet Yusuke wore her out.” Ryuji countered, ignoring the hypocrisy of his own predicament. “Dammit, I’m just gonna head back. I might piss myself in front of the others but at least it’ll be in the privacy of the beach. If I stay any longer I’m gonna have an audience if someone uses the exit.” She joined her hand in her lover’s and went to leave but noticed Ryuji wouldn’t move. “Babe, what’s wrong? I can’t wait for the restroom to unlock.”

“That’s not the issue.” Ruji muttered while looking down. She noticed his posture was even worse than usual, almost like he was trying to kneel. “RYUJI!”

“Dammit Ann what?!”

“We just had sex multiple times! For almost an hour I might add! How can you still want more?”

“I don’t know, you’re just that good. I guess I’m just pent up with joy now that we’re finally together.”

“That’s sweet, but maybe tell your dick to be less happy.”

“That’s not how it works and you know it!”

“True, you are a teenage boy. It’s in your nature to be lust driven even in unconventional moments.”

“That’s still not how it works! You’re just as bad, it’s less visible.” he retorted. “You may not have a dick but your nipples are poking out and your camel toe looks a little wet.”

“You’re right. So let’s do something about it.” Ann replied. “Huh, you sure?” Ryuji questioned. “I mean I’m game, but usually I’m the one who-”

“Ryuji.”

“Yes ma’am?”

“Bend me over and fuck me doggy style until we’re both drained. If I don’t piss myself in ecstasy and your dick isn’t shrinking then you can’t stop.” she demanded. “FOR REAL?! YES MA’AM!” Ann turned around and leaned forward, putting both hands on the exit door while wiggling her butt. Ryuji needed no further invitation, whipping his cock out and reaching for Ann’s bikini bottoms only for her to slap his hands in protest. “No you idiot! We need to keep our clothes on in case we get caught!” Ryuji wanted to argue that what they were doing would be obvious regardless but seeing her skimpy bikini bottoms riding up her cute butt gave him a different idea. Instead of wasting time, he decided to punish her by reaching for her bikini bottoms and giving her a wedgie.

“OW!!” Ann cried as the sharp pain of the cloth cutting into her vagina and anus blessed her with masochistic pleasure, causing her clit and labia lips to swell, the latter leaking arousal fluid. Satisfied with his work, Ryuji thrusted as hard as he could, entering her before she could complain, not that she would. “Fuck yes! Just like that!” she cried. He continued, happily fucking her while she did her best to respond to his rigorous thrusts, gyrating her while squeezing the head of his dick with her pussy the way he liked it.

“Thank you Ann! You’re such a goddess!” he yelled happily, as his hands alternated between groping her breasts or slapping her ass red. Ann beamed, realizing with joy that Ryuji had forgone his reservations about being vocal during intimacy and finally embraced his submissive top nature: a dominant beast in bed who still wanted to be ordered around and encouraged by his woman. Well, Ann Takamaki was the kind of woman who would never deny her loved ones what they want if they earned it, and Ryuji had most certainly done so.

“Who’s cunt are you fucking, who’s ass are you slapping, who’s body do you make scream and burst with pleasure?”

“Yours!”

“Correct! Who’s cock is that fucking me?”

“Yours! It’s mine but you own my dick and I wouldn’t have it any other way!” And it was the truth. He always felt that way, although a couple months ago he wouldn’t be caught dead publicly saying it. Not anymore, he was proud to be in a relationship with the woman he loved and it was their loss. ‘Laugh all you want losers, that’s the reason she chose me and not you! You can’t love, protect, or understand her like me, and you sure as hell can’t fuck her like me!’ Just the thought made him speed up his tempo, causing her to scream in delight. “Correct again! Final question, who’s a good boy? Who’s my good boy, the one who loves and cherishes and worships me because he’s the best and I love him?” Ann rambled. “Is it me?” Ryuji softly questioned, genuinely moved.

“YES! IT'S YOU, YOU’RE THE BESTEST BOY!” Ann shrieked as she threw head back and came, followed by Ryui’s own yell of delight. They both gasped and panted heavily while staying remarkably still for an orgasming couple going through the motions. When the hot semen finished filling Ann’s womb, she continued to lift her head back in gymnast fashion, staring at Ryuji’s eyes. His gaze met her and he leaned his own head down to lovingly and gently kiss her, which heavily contrasted with the lust crazed sex they had engaged in just a minute ago. Ryuji withdrew his dick and wiped any remaining residue on her ass cheeks, then proceeded to stick it back in his swim shorts. Ann frowned and was ready to tell him off for the crude act when the exit door burst open, causing Ann and Ryuji to jump in surprise and quickly get their swimsuits in order.

The former felt a spurt dampen her bikini bottoms as she yanked them back up, giving herself another painful yet pleasurable wedgie, and she could only stare in shock and shame as Sae Niijima and Sadayo Kawakami exited, both red faced and panting. The two couples stared at each other in confusion, the older women scrutinizing the younger boy and girl. While Ann had already managed to re-ty her bikini bottoms in record time, she and Ryuji were flushed and sweaty beyond deniability. Most horrific of all, Ryuji’s semen visibly dampened her bikini bottoms and coated her inner thighs.

“Sup Kawakami and Niijima-san, crazy timing am I right?” Ryuji joked, to no avail. “What the hell do you two think you’re doing?” Sae hissed, her harsh glare causing the teens to shudder in fear. Makoto’s older sister had been nothing but supportive and maternal to the Phantom Thieves once she joined their cause, yet every once in a while they would get a glimpse of the intimidating prosecutor they had first met. This was the final step for Ann’s bursting bladder and she could only moan in a combination of relief and embarrassment as a torrent poured out of her genitals, absolutely soaking her bikini bottoms and her legs. Everyone watched in astonishment as a puddle formed on the concrete floor, Ann not even bothering to avoid coating her feet in her own urine. She looked down in shame, but also fear for what Sae would do.

“Sae! Look at what you’ve done!”

“I don’t care, these stupid kids had the whole beach to themselves and they still chose to openly fuck where everyone could see them.”

“It wasn’t like that Niijima-san! Ann needed to use the restroom and it was locked.” Ryuji explained to defend his girlfriend, wanting to avoid getting her into any more trouble. Wait, were you guys the one that occupied it?” he questioned, his tone going from concerned and apologetic to suspicious. “Don’t flip this around on us Sakamoto. I’m sorry about Ann’s accident but that doesn’t explain why you two had public sex.”

“That’s my fault. Ann’s situation got me kind of…excited and she didn’t want me walking around with a boner so we banged.” Ryuji admitted, feeling stupid.

“You weren’t comfortable with wetting yourself or having a hard on, yet somehow were perfectly fine with indecent exposure? You’re lucky we’re the only ones here, otherwise I’d have to bail your asses out, and that would ruin the whole trip for everyone.”

“Sae, we’re sorry.” Ann apologized as she finally stepped out of her, partly out of sincerity but also wanting to hurry things up. Sadayo Kawakami understood and took pity on them, especially Ann. “Ann, dear, let’s get you cleaned up.”

“Fine, but we’re not done with this conversation. We’ll go over the consequences once you two get back. Ann, do you have any spare clothes nearby?”

“No…my other swimsuit is back at the beach and all the rest of our clothes are in mine and Ryuji-kun’s room.”

“Figures, serves you right. As additional punishment, you can only wipe your privates, not your swimsuit. Have fun walking around in that piss and jizz stained bikini.” Sae cruelly taunted.

“Sae, stop it!” Kawakami demanded. “They understand.” The prosecutor didn’t apologize, but relented. The teacher gently led her former student back to the restroom and peeled off her bikini bottoms, carefully wiping her off her downy blonde bush, lower lips, and buttocks free of any residue, although the bikini bottoms were a different issue. “We have to head back soon, I don’t think we have time for them to wait and dry. I could soak them in the sink to wash them but-”

“It’s fine Ms Kawakami. I’ll just do what Sae says.”

“You don’t have to, dear. She didn’t really mean it.”

“I know, but I want to see what she’s planning.”

“You’re a brave one, Takamaki-chan.”

“Or sexually curious…” Ann nervously admitted. Kawakami tried but couldn’t suppress the surprised smile from gracing her lips. “I thought you guys being Phantom Thieves would be the most surprising information to come out of you.” The two women laughed. Unfortunately, Ryuji and Sae’s conversation was not nearly as pleasant. “Niijima-san, how could you shame her like that, we’re sorry.”

“Sorry doesn’t cut it Sakamoto. Get your act together. I know what it’s like to be in love and it’s especially difficult to control your physical and emotional urges at your age but that’s no excuse for the blatant lack of self control you both displayed. Especially since, as I can’t stress this enough, us adults went through the trouble of buying you nice hotel rooms and a private beach so you could endlessly fuck and piss whenever the mood struck, and yet you still did this. I’m very disappointed.”

“Me too.” Ryuji admitted. Takemi, Sae, Kawakami, Sojuro, and some other adults raked in a lot of money just to make the trip possible, not to mention all the additional expenses to help with their sexual relationships and they almost made it all for nothing with their rash actions. Eventually the teacher and student returned.

“Ann, you’re still wet!” Ryuji exclaimed. He could feel another twinge in his cock stir but this time he made no attempt to suppress it, proudly allowing his erection to come forth. “Sakamoto! Have you learned nothing?!”

“Actually, I did. Ann’s not sharing this punishment alone, if she’s going to return the rest of the group in an embarrassing fashion then I am too.” Ryuji turned to his girlfriend and grinned, which she returned as they held hands. “That’s sweet but completely unnecessary. I was going to have you explain your predicament and apologize to the rest of your friends anyway as the beginning portion of your punishment.”

“Well, the point still stands.” Sae stared at Ruji’s raging hard on with an annoyed yet simultaneously impressed manner. “You really are a blonde carnal monkey of a man.”

“HEY!” Sae paid him no attention and called her younger sibling Makoto. She picked up almost immediately.

“Hey sis, how are you? Is everything alright?” the younger sister answered, sounding partly out of breath. She and Haru must have just finished up another round since while exhausted, there were no other sounds of sex and Haru would never let something as trivial as a phone call stop them from orgasm, no matter how many times Makoto tried explain such behavior was indecent.

“Thank you, everything’s fine. I just wanted you to tell everyone to get decent and gather around, we’re heading back to the hotel to wash up in the hot springs.”

“Already? I still want to explore your body, Mako-chan.” Haru whined in the background. “Haru-chan!” Makoto yelped. Sae smirked. “There will be time for that later, something the blondies have trouble comprehending.”

“Huh? Are Takamaki and Sakomoto alright?”

“They’re fine, I’ll let them explain the situation when we get there.” Sure enough, the rest of the Phantom Thieves had redressed and gathered around, just relaxing or having fun.

Akira and Tae Takemi were just lying in the sun, tracing patterns on each other’s chest and abs respectively. Makoto and Haru were playing volleyball against Morgana and Sophia, the former not being able to get over how much fun a human body was. Meanwhile Chihaya was chasing Mishima in the water as they swam, the reporter yelling that the boy needed to work out more if he wanted to keep up with her. Yusuke was sketching the whole scene while Futaba pointed out specific details or events, which he would add with his own flair. Ann and Ryuji looked at each other and blushed, not knowing where to start. Everyone looked up at the arrival of their remaining group and blanched at Ann and Ryuji’s unkempt state.

“Damn Ryuji, looking good. Nice cock.” Akira casually complimented with a thumb’s up. “Shut up Akira!” Ryuji barked as he covered the tent pitching through his swim trunks. Secretly though he was grateful for his best friend’s intervention, as everyone laughed hard at the visual of their stoic leader saying something so outrageous. “Woah Ann, Ryuji really did a number on you, your swimsuit is so-!” Futaba beamed with an aroused look in her eyes, bringing the awkwardness back tenfold. “We get it Futaba, stop it already!” Ann interrupted, not wanting to deal with her friend’s yuri tendencies. “Yusuke, start sketching! This trip is so epic!”

“Yusuke, don’t you dare!” the blonde bombshell ordered. “Enough theatrics kids, just tell everyone why our beach time was cut short.” Sae reprimanded. The two sighed. Ryuji decided to explain, thinking maybe he could do it in a concise yet amusing manner. “Ann had to use the restroom and I popped a boner, so I railed her.” Ann punched him in the shoulder and laughter broke out once more.

“Sae told us not do that dumb shit again so we don’t risk getting arrested and cutting the trip short. Keep it here and in your hotel rooms.” Ryuji continued. Sae nodded begrudgingly. “Good Sakamoto. Everyone head back.” Everyone did, minus Ann and Ryuji, so she could change into the magenta floral bikini, peeling off her cyan bikini bottoms with a grimace. “Damn, these were my favorite pair.” she complained as she dipped it in the salt water to wash it. “Mine too. Cheer up Ann, it was a one time mistake. If this is the worst thing that’s gonna happen this vacation, I think we’re good.” Ann was about to agree when Sae joined them. “That was the easy part. After the onsen, you two make sure to head to mine and Sadayo-chan’s hotel room.” The two blonde teens glanced at each other and gulped nervously, wondering what the prosecutor had planned.

