Breezing through it all (Breezie the Hedgehog)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-08-08 00:45

This story was suggested by @Awsometime

, Hope you like it.

A Proud hedgehog woman looked out of her window,Enjoying the view of the Casino themed park that surrounded the building she was in. She took a sip from her tea and grinned. This was Breezie the Hedgehog,Founder of Breeze Media. She placed her now empty cup on the table and sat down. Things have been going pretty well for her and her business and today she was gonna discuss the future of Breeze Media with other Business partners. Speaking of the meeting....

"Ms. Breezie? The meeting is scheduled to start in 30 minutes." Coconuts said as he entered the room.

"Heh..Time really does fly when you're enjoying things. Very well,i'll be there shortly." Breezie said. Coconuts exited the room,leaving Breezie to prepare for the meeting. She grabbed her jacked and exited the room while putting it on. She strolled towards her destination at a leisurely pace. Occasionally waving at all the other employees that walked by. Eventually,she arrived at the room where the meeting was being held.

"Ah,Miss Breezie. Welcome. You're here pretty early." The secretary said.

"Of course. You know me. I don't like to keep other waiting." Breezie said with a wink.

"Alright then. Please take a seat,the meeting should begin soon." The secretary said. Breezie complied and sat down,she crossed her legs and saw the secretary approach her.

"Would you perhaps like some tea?" The secretary asked.

"Hmm...That won't be needed. But thanks." Breezie said with a smile. The secretary nodded and walked away from her. Breezie crossed her arms and waited. It wasn't long until the folks she had the meeting with started showing up.

"Ahh! Miss Breezie! Nice to see you again!" One of the business mobians said. He was wearing a suit with some Chao pins on it. Breezie shook his hand and kept a smile on her face. She waited for everyone else to sit down and that's when she noticed a problem. she was starting to feel a little bit discomfort in her lower body. Perhaps she should've made a quick stop to the bathroom before heading to the meeting. But it was too late now. The meeting was about to start and she didn't want to delay it just for a bathroom break.

"You can do this Breezie. This isn't the first time you've had to do this. Just smile and pay attention to the meeting." She said to herself. She didn't need to go that badly anyways,so putting the meeting on hold for a small tinkle seemed very unnecessary. With everyone else in the room now,The meeting started and all the mobians began talking business.

###

"On the subject of high ratings, let's talk sequels!" The director with the Chao pins said. "The Chao in Space trilogy has been a huge success! The 3rd movie has pulled in millions in just it's first week!"

"How fascinating." Breezie said,a confident smile still plastered on her face. Although truth to be told,her confidence had dropped somewhat. It had only been 30 minutes since the meeting started and her bladder was already starting to bother her. She was still able to pay attention to what the other attendees were talking about,but now she was having a little bit of trouble ignoring the pressure. Still,She was not about to ask for a bathroom break this early in the meeting. Hell,the thought alone of asking for a bathroom break made her feel somewhat embarrassed.

"So...I think we should give the fans more meat to chew on. How about a spin off?" The director recommended.

"A spin off. That doesn't sound too bad." Breezie said.

"What would the spin off be about exactly?" Another attendee asked.

"Oh! Well. I was thinking it could star the friend of our protagonist. Just to give the viewers and idea of...." Breezie shifted her position and crossed her legs again while listening to the pitch. Her eyes drifted to her right,causing a water cooler to enter her view. Her eyes quickly darted away from it and she shook her head.

"Thinking about it isn't going to help. Just pay attention to the meeting and ignore it,Breezie." She said to herself.

###

"So what do you think,Miss Breezie?" The director said.

"Sounds like quite the departure. But you gotta take some risks when it comes to business,right? I approve of it." Breezie said.

"Are you sure about this,Miss Breezie? One of the attendees asked.

"100%." Breezie said with a wink.

"Very well then. I'll let the production team know about this." The director said with an excited smile on his face. Another attendee got up from his seat and started talking about a different show,this time Chao Boom. Breezie just stared at him and watched as he went into detail. She was starting to have trouble with paying attention. The pitch for the Chao in Space spin off was pretty long and the tea she had drank had made its way through her body quicker than she thought. Breezie glanced at the clock in the room. It seemed like an hour had passed since the meeting had started. Nobody seemed to be paying attention to her, so Breezie placed one of her hands between her legs and crossed them in an attempt to ease the pressure.

"Miss Breezie?" The attendee asked. Breezie quickly snapped out of her distracted state and looked the director in the eye.

"It seems people are still craving more episodes of the show. But we only had two seasons planned. How do we go about this?" The director asked.

"Well,They want more. So let's give them more." Breezie said with her arms crossed.

"Huh? But..What do we do for the 3rd season then?" The attendee asked.

"There are many locations on the island that haven't been explored,right? We can use this season for some more world building.

"I...Suppose we could. I'll have to talk with the rest of team about this." The attendee said.

"Oh! There are those ruins under the island. Maybe you could have them....." Breezie once again started spacing out. With her need to pee once again taking over her thoughts.She looked at the clock again and internally groaned. She always hated how slow time moved when your bladder was pressuring you.

"I really made the right choice by denying that offer for tea..." Breezie thought to herself.

###

Another half hour had passed. But to Breezie it felt like forever. Her upper body was still and brimming with her usual confidence. But her lower body wasn't calm. She kept rubbing her legs together and occasionally kept her hand on her abdomen to try and ease her bladder. Thankfully for her,her lower body was mostly obscured by the table. So the other attendees had yet to notice how badly she needed to go.

No matter how much her bladder was begging for relief,Breezie was to proud to pause the meeting for the sake of a bathroom break. So in spite of her bladder's protest, She stayed and listened to the rest of the attendees. Or at least tried to....

"Miss Breezie? Is everything okay?" One of the attendees whispered, bringing her back to reality.

"Of course! Why do you ask?" Breezie asked with a fake smile.

"You've been spacing out a lot during this meeting..." The attendee said.

"I'm just busy brainstorming." Breezie said. The attendee looked at her with confusion but ultimately dropped it and went back to paying attention.

"Oh Dear Chaos...When is this meeting going to end?!" Breezie thought.

###

More time had passed since the meeting had started. By this point,Breezie had tried to ignore the clock. But her bladder still made it feel like the meeting was going on forever. The pressure in her bladder had become incredibly unbearable and now she was barely paying attention to what the others were saying. Her confident facade had also dropped a little,as now she was shaking one of her legs and her body was rocking up and down slightly.

This hadn't gone unnoticed by some of the attendants. The same guy from earlier had once again asked her if she was alright. And once again,Breezie lied and told him that everything was peachy. Once he was no longer looking at her,Breezie crossed her legs and kept her arms on her crotch.

"Ngh....C'mon Breezie. Just a bit more..." She said to herself. She didn't want to admit it,but she was starting to reach her limit. Thankfully,it seemed lady luck might've been listening to her thoughts. One of the directors approached her and asked her when the next meeting was gonna be scheduled. Breezie hastily decided a date. Normally she'd put more thought into it,but right now she couldn't afford to be slow. With nothing left to discuss,The meeting was over. Breezie got up from her seat and sighed. The other attendees began exiting the room. But they were doing so at their own pace.

"Damn it,Hurry up!" Breezie thought to herself. Her face was still smiling despite her feeling very unhappy right now. Everyone had exited the room and so did Breezie. She was striding confidently at first. But once she was sure she was out of sight,She began awkwardly picking up the pace. She began looking for the toilet signs. A smile appeared on her face upon seeing one,But the smile quickly disappeared when her eyes darted towards the "Out of order". Having no choice but to find another toilet,Breezie quickly made her way to one of the elevators. She pressed one of the buttons and looked around. The elevators were completely empty. With nobody to watch her,her confident facade had completely dropped and she was now standing her with her legs crossed and both of her hands on her crotch. She was no longer smiling,instead she was clenching her teeth and her cheeks were a little red.

After an agonizingly long elevator trip,Breezie exited the elevator and followed the signs until she found another set of restrooms. A whine escaped her mouth as she saw the "Cleaning in progress" sign placed in front of the bathroom door.

"Damn it,why now?" Breezie whispered to herself. She looked at the male restroom and briefly considered using it,But she did not want to risk the chance of a guy being in there while she's peeing. She looked around to check if the halls were empty and then tiptoed towards the ladies room. She slowly opened the door and didn't see anyone in the room.

"The toilets should still be working. I'll have to make it quick!" Breezie said. She carefully entered the bathroom and then immediately darted towards the nearest stall. She closed the door behind her and...There it was,a toilet. The sight of it nearly causing Breezie to relax a bit to early. She stiffened up and approached the toilet while trying to take of her pants. Not even bothering to turn back to lock the door,She quickly yanked down her pants alongside her panties. She turned around and plopped down on the toilet seat. The sudden contact with the toilet caused her to finally lose hold over her bladder. All the silence in the bathroom was now completely replaced with the sound of hissing and moaning.

"Haaaaaaah....Ohhhhh...." Breezie moaned as all the urine in her bladder jetted out and splattered against the toilet. She leaned back and closed her eyes,letting out yet another moan. Holding it may have been stressful as hell,But releasing it? That felt so euphoric. So euphoric that she didn't hear the footsteps in the bathroom. It wasn't until she heard the door open that she snapped out of her euphoric state.

"M-Miss Breezie?!" Breezie snapped out of it and her cheeks turned red. There was a Janitor standing there,looking just as wide-eyed as her.

"CLOSE THE DOOR!" Breezie yelled. The startled Janitor quickly slammed the door shut. Breezie tried reaching for the lock and turned it. She leaned back on the toilet and sighed. Now her relief was somewhat overshadowed by awkwardness. Thankfully,The awkward moment wouldn't last much longer,as her stream finally came to an end. She grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself clean before tossing it into the toilet and flushing. After washing her hands and exiting the ladies room,she saw the very same janitor standing there. They looked at her and quickly averted eye contact.

"You didn't see anything,yeah?" Breezie asked calmly with a flirty smile. The janitor turned even redder.

"heh...pervert." Breezie said. They wanted to say something,but they ultimately stayed quiet and entered the restroom. Breezie dropped her smile and sighed. She walked away from the restrooms and ran her hands through her quills. She still had a lot of work ahead of her,So she had to put all of this behind her. Hopefully that janitor would keep their mouth,otherwise they'd be fired.

*003*2021-08-09 05:14

Thanks,glad you likee it.

{{3 hours ago, Awsometime said:

Your grammar has gotten better than in your previous works.

}}

I’m happy to hear that ^^

