A Doctor Visit

Author: OmoEva

*000*2016-04-29 09:09

A Doctor Visit

Amy goes to the doctor complaining of bladder problems.

A young doctor walks in dressed in a white doctor coat with black slacks. "I am so sorry mam, that it took me so long to get here. Did my nurse take good care of you, miss?"

"It is alright, your nurse took very good care of me" Amy says smiling.

"Great now what seems to bring you in today? It says on your chart your having bladder issues?" The young doctor says a look of concern on his face.

"Ah yes. I am having bladder issues, mainly with holding it. I start to leak before I can make it to the bathroom." She said blushing.

"Interesting. Has this been an issue with you previously? How often does this happen?" He asked.

"When I was twelve, I had bladder issues. They stopped once I turned 15. Recently it has been happening daily." Amy explained.

"We may need to run a few tests on you. Is that okay Amy?" The young doctor asked.

"Yes that will be fine, what kind of tests?" She asked.

"We would need to test your bladder, to see what seems to happen when you...wet yourself. To do that we would need to give you a pill that will cause your bladder to fill up." The young doctor explained.

The young doctor reaches into the pill cabinet and grabs a pill bottle, he pours out one pill onto his hand. He reaches over and places it in Amy's outstretched hand and hands her a cup of water.

"Make sure to drink all the water, with the pill." He says.

Amy takes the pill and puts it in her mouth, she gulps down all the water with the pill.

"Can you tell me a little more about the issues your having?" The young doctor asks.

"I'll feel a urge to pee, then I decide to hold it because I normally can. Suddenly it starts slowly leaking out and I can't wait any longer." Amy said.

The young doctor observes Amy, then asks "Have you noticed any changes yet? After taking the pill?"

Amy shifts on the exam table. "I feel like I drank a lot of water." she says nervously.

"Do you mind if I look down there? To make sure everything is alright while we wait?" He asks.

"T-that is fine." Amy says nervously.

She pulls down her shorts and panties and lies back on the exam table, spreading her legs open. Her bladder feels like a balloon now, she breathes in a shaky breath.

The doctor puts on some exam gloves and begins to inspect.

"Do you feel like you can hold your bladder more?" The young doctor asks.

"I-I'll try." Amy says shakily.

Amy suddenly feels pee about to leak out. She tries to hold it back but it leaks out, she gasps. Her legs tense up.

The young doctor gets closer to examine further.

She feels pee begin to dribble out slowly, she fights to hold it in.

"I'm sorry I can't help it." Amy says.

"Its okay Amy, I understand if you can't hold it. This is good, I need to see what is happening." He says.

Amy feels a unbearable pressure in her bladder and pee begins to spurt out.

"Amy let it out, don't hold it for too long." The young doctor says.

She manages to stop and hold it in, but only for a few seconds. Her bladder bursts and pee begins to come out in a stream.

The doctor leaps back and observes. "Is this normal for you?" He asks.

"No, I usually don't go this much. Is it the pill? I felt this sudden unbearable pressure all of a sudden and I couldn't hold back no more." Amy says.

"Yes it is the pill. It fills your bladder up to your limit, to test your holding capacity." The young doctor explains.

Amy finally stops peeing and sits up. "What's next doctor?" She asks.

"I'll prescribe some pills for you to take. These will hopefully help you. But they are still in the testing stages, if you have any side effects don't hesitate to call." He says.

Amy gets cleaned up and then gets dressed. "Thank you doctor." She says smiling and then leaves.

Hope you enjoyed my story. It is based on a roleplay idea I did with some random person in a chatroom.

