Her personal bathroom

Author: omoirl123

*000*2019-10-22 23:16

(though this is written like a real event it is something I wrote while bored a college)

So you may be wondering “why are you and her alway randomly leaving the room?” There’s a simple reason for this it all started 3 months into our relationship. Julie and I were sitting along and old rail track about an hours walk from town, it’s not used but there’s a small spot next to it with a wall I think it was a station but rumor has it old west outlaws would meet in it you probably know it. We were sitting next to it with out back against a wall when suddenly and sits on top of me because it was so far from any town she took her pants off to cool off it was in the middle of a desert so it was very hot.

I decided to layback and close my eyes, she thought a quick prank would be funny so she gets up and stands over me and says “open your mouth I have something” being I wasn’t expecting anything did when suddenly I tasted something weird and warm in my mouth I closed my mouth quickly and kinda was shocked to see her standing over me and her vagina in my face she asked”did you like what I gave you” while giggling,I got annoyed and said what did you do piss in my mouth” she laughed even more and said “maybe”. I looked away disgusted but after a moment or two I got wondering “maybe one more try”.

I said to her “yea well jokes on you I actually liked it” this took her back and she responded “really? That makes me a lot happier that it should can we go again?” I lied down and opens my mouth she sat down and once again pissed, this time was different I got excited and rock hard it was a very long piss and by the end I got hooked like a drug. After this a few months pass and we continue to use me as a toilet every so often to the point it happened almost everyday we met, eventually she begins to call me urinal when she needs to go.after a year we’re sitting next to the train track from the first time she peed in my mouth and she asked”we been doing this for a year can you be my personal toilet?” When she said this I got to thinking that might just work for me I asked”what do you mean personal toilet?”

“I mean anything I need to pee you must open up so I’m never to far from the bathroom”she said while grinning, her smile said it all I needed to do this for her at least that’s what I told myself to convince myself into it she got very jumpy when I said that I will be her toilet.now that we live together I’m pretty much always getting it, sometimes I don’t get a drink with dinner as she is the drink. Now I’m happy with life I’m in college in a happy relationship and am a grade a student I just live a double life and that’s my story.

Thanks for reading hope you enjoyed.

*002*2019-10-24 15:46

{{28 minutes ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I actually enjoyed it! Only thing I’ll say is.. space out the text. Everything seemed too jumbled

}}

Thanks for the advice also im happy you enjoyed it

