Luna & The Voice

Author: OmoEva

*000*2019-10-12 10:10

Luna & The Voice - Part 1

Luna had just gotten home from the grocery store. She had bought some new products for her bathroom. A bar of soap for washing herself in the shower or bath and some body spray to make her smell nice. She had also bought some groceries for her new apartment. It wasn't much but it was something.

Locking the door behind her after getting all the groceries into her apartment. Luna was especially excited to try the new bar of soap and body spray. It was a brand new product she had never seen before in the store. She couldn't quite read the words on the box for the bar of soap. It seemed to be in another language that she did not know.

The box had a picture of a white bar of soap that seemed to be surrounded by a yellow glow. The box for the body spray was the same, she couldn't read the words. But it had a picture of a pink body spray surrounded by a yellow glow as well.

Luna put the groceries away and set the bar of soap and body spray on the counter in the bathroom. She went into her bedroom and gathered some clothes to wear after showering. Then she went into the bathroom and closed and locked the door. Luna got undressed and turned the water on. She waited for it to warm up and took the bar of soap out of the box.

Carrying the bar of soap she walked into the shower and closed the glass door behind her. She had a standalone shower. It did not have a tub. Luna stood underneath the water allowing it to wet her hair and body. She has long black hair and purple eyes. She is skinny but not too skinny. Just the right amount.

Luna began to lather her upper body with the new bar of soap. She then started to lather the lower half of her body. The crotch, thighs, butt, legs, and finally feet. Luna set the bar of soap down on a soap holder in the shower. The soap had a really nice fragrance.

She couldn't quite figure out what scent it was though. Luna rinsed off her body and began to shampoo her hair. That is when she felt something strange in her body. Particularly the lower half and bladder area. Luna felt an urge to pee.

Which was strange because she hadn't had anything to drink before going in the shower. She had also used the bathroom before leaving the grocery store. Luna ignored it, figuring she could hold it. She continued with her hair. As she was cleaning her hair.

The urge to pee increased to the point where Luna had to bring her thighs together to help hold it. She finished her hair and stayed in the shower. Allowing the water to hit her. Luna liked to stay in the shower a bit longer after she was done. It was the only time she felt she could be relaxed and not anxious.

Luna's urge to pee doubled suddenly. It felt like a faucet was being turned on in her bladder. She could feel it filling up rapidly. Luna felt some pee making its way to her urethra, right to the tip of it. She started panicking.

Luna had one rule and that rule was to never pee in the shower. She didn't like dirtying up a place where she felt clean. Which is why she had never ever peed in the shower. She could feel her urethra quivering, as she struggled to hold back the pee. Luna tried to open the glass doors to the shower.

But they were jammed. Then it happened. A spurt of pee escaped and went onto the floor of the shower. Luna gasped in surprise and tried to move her arms to hold herself between the legs. But it was almost as if she was paralyzed.

Her arms would not obey her. Another spurt escaped and another. It felt so good, the pee leaking out of her that she let out a moan. Then a blush crept up to her face. She didn't know what came over her.

It was like her body had a mind of its own. She still couldn't move her arms. It was as if some unknown force was controlling her whole body. Luna felt her thighs separated from each other as her legs moved on their own, spreading her legs open wide. All she could hear was the sound of the running water, which made her more desperate.

Luna felt more pee making its way to her urethra. She struggled to close her legs, but it was to no avail. A long spurt escaped this time. It was like a water gun when you pull the trigger. Then another escaped.

Suddenly Luna's legs went into a squatting position. Which only made the urine leak out more. "You aren't going to win. I will not pee myself in this shower." Luna said out loud.

She felt strength returning back to her arms and she tried again to move them. This time she was able to move her arms and hold herself between the legs. Pressing a finger against her urethra.

Luna still couldn't move her legs. She was stuck in the squatting position. She felt urine traveling toward her urethra again. Luna clamped her urethra muscles shut. Unexpectedly she heard a voice, it wasn't her own.

It said "Wouldn't it be nice to let out just a little bit? Just a teeny tiny bit? To relieve the pressure?"

Luna looked around with her head but couldn't see anybody. The voice was so convincing. That she felt herself relax. It felt like tiny fingers were prying open her urethra entrance. "I guess I'll let out a little bit. It couldn't hurt." Luna said in a dazed voice.

She felt like she was under a spell. Luna felt her bladder push down a bit and some urine escaped. It pushed down once more and more escaped. Luna felt her bladder push down a third time and felt herself peeing a thin tiny stream. She felt relief and almost didn't want to stop.

But then she snapped out of her daze and realized what she was doing. "No...stop!" But it wouldn't stop. The voice returned again "You will pee for me!" It boomed. Luna felt a hand that weighed tons push on her bladder. She couldn't hold it in.

The thin tiny stream increased into a large torrent and while it felt good to release. Luna couldn't help it as tears went down her face. As she lost control of her bladder. She just did the one thing she would never do. Pee in the shower.

Luna continued to empty her bladder. Eventually, she stopped peeing and felt her body become hers again. She sat on the ground of the shower, hugging her knees close to her body.

"Am I going insane? Who was that voice? Why couldn't I control my body?" All these thoughts echoed in her head.

(Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed. For the record Luna is in her late 20s. I am also working on a story with Lain that hasn't been finished yet.) (There will be a part two to this story with Luna.)

(The picture isn't mine. I just searched on Google for pictures that look like how I imagine she would look.)

$$

*002*2019-10-12 20:11

{{6 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Omg I’m loving this!!

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it. I will work on the second part tonight.

Might I ask what parts did you enjoy the most of this story?

*007*2019-10-15 06:53

Luna & The Voice – Part 2

It had been a few days since that incident happened in the shower. Luna was still pretty freaked out. But she was trying not to think about it. Though she was curious about why it happened. So far she hadn't heard the voice in days.

Not since the shower incident. Luna woke up in the morning with a full bladder. She got out of bed, gathered some clothes, and made her way to the bathroom. Luna closed the door behind her and locked it. She always slept in just her panties and bra.

So that was all she was wearing right now. Luna began doing her morning routine. Which involved washing her face with skincare products, brushing her teeth, brushing her hair, and applying make up. Normally she would shower as well. But she had run out of that new bar of soap to lather her body with.

So she had no body soap left to use. Luna took off her bra and panties. Now standing naked in front of the bathroom mirror. Her bladder was pretty full. So she sat on the toilet and began peeing.

A nice golden stream came out of her and into the toilet. Luna breathed a sigh of relief. She continued peeing for a while until her bladder completely emptied itself. Then she wiped herself clean and flushed the toilet. She washed her hands and noticed that she still hadn't used that new body spray she bought.

Luna applied some deodorant to her underarms and then took the body spray out of its box. She took the cap off and began spraying her body all over with the spray. It had a nice scent to it. Scented like strawberries and cream. Luna put away the spray and got dressed.

She was wearing a black skirt and a white blouse with white cotton panties and a white bra. Luna exited the bathroom and grabbed her phone from the nightstand next to her bed. She checked her phone and noticed she had a text message. It was from her childhood best friend, Star. The text message read:

Star: Hey Luna, I was wondering if you are free today. I wanted for us to hang out. Just the two of us. Hope to hear from you soon.

Luna thought about it and she did want to see Star. But she had to buy some bar of soaps to use for the shower. She shrugged and figured she could stop at the grocery store real quick and then meet up with her friend. Luna sent a text message to Star. The text message read:

Luna: I have to stop at the grocery store real quick. But after that, I can meet you.

She got her purse and put her phone inside. Luna went into the kitchen and ate some cereal and drank a glass of milk. She took a pill bottle out of her purse and opened it. Pouring one pill into the palm of her hand. It was an anxiety medication she had to take daily.

Luna popped the pill into her mouth and swallowed it dry. Then she closed the pill bottle back up and put it in her purse. She put on her purse and unlocked her front door. Walking out and locking the door behind her with her key. Luna got her car keys out and unlocked her car.

She got in and started the car. Backing up the vehicle and taking off toward the grocery store. It took about a few minutes for her to arrive. She lived very close to this grocery store. Luna parked her car and got down.

Also locking her car. She walked into the store and went straight to the pharmacy side. Which also had personal care items. Like body wash and deodorant. Luna grabbed two boxes of the bar of soap she bought last time.

She went to the checkout aisle and paid. Luna left the store and walked to the car with her grocery bag in one hand and the keys in the other. She unlocked the car and got inside. Putting the grocery bag on the passager side seat. Luna started the car and put her seatbelt on.

Suddenly she felt the urge to pee. Her heart began to race. Thinking back to the incident in the shower. She shook her head and said "Surely it wouldn't happen again. I just have to pee because I drank that glass of milk earlier." Luna calmed down and began to drive.

Luna didn't even have to ask Star via text message, where they were going to meet. It was always the same place. The park. They would have a picnic on the ground with a picnic blanket and just chat. It was always in a secluded area.

So they didn't have to worry about people being around. Which Luna enjoyed. As she drove, however, her need to pee started to grow more intense. She had a normal-sized bladder and could normally hold it for a fairly good amount of time. So the fact that her bladder felt like it was filling up rapidly, was strange.

Luna could feel the pressure increasing on her bladder as well. She drove a bit faster and made it to the park. Getting down and locking her car. She felt ready to explode. Luna couldn't keep still and was doing a bit of a potty dance.

Her head began to ache and then she heard it, the voice from when she was in the shower. "Let a little out. Come on, I know you want to." The voice said in a mischievous tone. Luna wanted relief but she didn't want to wet her panties. "No I can wait, I don't want to," Luna responded. "I said let a little out! If you won't do it, then I'll do it for you!" The voice yelled.

Luna felt tiny fingers prying open her urethra entrance. Her body became paralyzed once more and she stopped potty dancing. Standing completely still. Her legs began to move on their own, spreading slightly apart from each other. She felt pee making its way to her urethra.

Luna struggled to hold it back. Regardless she felt her bladder push down, and felt a long spurt escape and go into her panties. Again her bladder pushed down and more pee escaped. Her bladder kept doing this until her panties were soaked. Luna knew now that something was seriously wrong with her.

This wasn't normal. Hearing a voice and not being able to control herself. She knew she had to tell somebody about this. Luna still had to pee. Letting that much urine out had made her more desperate.

She felt a big wave of pressure hit her poor bladder and she was a goner. Pee began gushing out and hitting the ground below. Running down her legs. Luna began to cry. That was when she heard a voice calling her name.

It wasn't the voice that she kept hearing before. It was her best friend Star's voice. Luna tried to move and hide but her body was still paralyzed. Star saw Luna and smiled, running over to her and waving. Luna was still peeing and couldn't stop.

Star stopped in front of her best friend Luna. Eyes wide and a look of surprise on her face. "Luna? What's wrong?" She asked. But then she smelled the smell of urine and looked down at Luna's legs which had urine running down them. Eventually, Luna stopped peeing and she felt her body become hers again.

"Luna are you not well? What happened?" Star asked. Luna wasn't the type to have an accident. So Star was very concerned. Luna regained her composure and stopped crying. "I need to tell you something. Will you promise to believe me and not judge me?" Luna said. "I promise," Star replied.

Luna explained the situation she had been experiencing to Star. When she finished. Star asked "Are you sure it isn't a psychiatric problem? Hearing voices is a sign of that. Although it wouldn't explain the accidents and loss of control of your body."

Luna sighed and said "It isn't a psychiatric problem. I feel like I'm possessed and being controlled by something or someone."

Star thought for a moment and then said: "Have you done anything different these past few days?"

"The only different thing I did was buy a new bar of soap and body spray." Luna replied.

A realization dawned on her. She decided to tell Star.

"I just realized that the problems started when I used the new bar of soap. Then continued when I used the body spray of the same brand." Luna explained.

Star looked at Luna and said: "I need to see the bar of soap and body spray you bought. Take me to your place."

So Luna drove to her apartment. Star was in the car with her too.

They arrived at Luna's apartment. Luna and Star got down from the car.

Luna got her grocery bags down and unlocked the apartment with her key. Star walked inside and then Luna walked in and closed the door behind her and locked it.

She took out the boxed bars of soap she bought and handed one to Star.

"It is in some language I can't understand." Luna admitted.

Star examined the box and thought of an idea. "I need to use your laptop. I might be able to translate this using Oogle Translate."

Luna nodded and got her laptop from her bedroom. She put it on the kitchen table and opened it so Star could use it.

Star began to plug the weird language into Oogle Translate. Her eyes went wide when she saw what the words translated to.

