Valerie 17 - Amanda's desperation

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-09-17 13:50

Amanda and Callum's long were finishing a long, leisurely lunch at a table on the rooftop terrace of a restaurant in one of the medieval hilltop villages that are so characteristic of Tuscany. Callum was studying architecture at university and they had spent the morning exploring the ancient fortifications, the grand houses of the powerful families that had once ruled in this part of Italy, the quaint back streets and alleyways and the church, plain and severe on the outside, sumptuously decorated inside.

Amanda had used the restaurant lavatory as soon as they arrived and now, having split the cost of the meal between them, Callum disappeared downstairs for the same purpose whilst Amanda stayed at the table to settle the bill.

That done, she descended the narrow staircase to where Callum was waiting in the hot sunshine by the restaurant door. Should she go to the loo a second time, she wondered? She had certainly drunk a lot of water during the meal, as well as a glass of chilled white wine, and she could already feel the pressure building inside her.

No need, she decided. It was a ten minute walk back to the car and then just half an hour to get back to the family's Tuscan villa. She could easily wait that long.

As they strolled back to the car park, hand in hand, Callum reflected on his luck that this beautiful creature, her honey-blonde hair tied in a ponytail and her blue summer dress with its belted waist and wide skirt swaying seductively as she walked, was actually his girlfriend.

By the time the reached the battered old Fiat hatchback that served as the family's holiday runabout, Amanda was regretting her decision not to the loo again before she left the restaurant. Plan B would be to stand between the parked cars and wet her knickers as she, her sisters and her mother often did - there was a stack of towels in the boot for protecting the car seats on just such occasions - but unfortunately the car park was too busy for that. People were walking by all the time and already another car was hovering, waiting to take their place as soon as they moved off.

Callum opened the passenger door for her and she sat down, sweeping her dress beneath her. She would just have to wait.

"I was talking to the restaurant owner about the architecture of the village and he said that I really ought to see a ruined monastery near here" Callum reported. "Would you mind if we take a quick look whilst we are passing?"

Amanda felt it would be churlish to say no - after all, Callum had spent all day yesterday patiently accompanying her around a 'fashion village' - a collection of factory outlets selling discounted end-of-lines from Italy's top design houses. She had had a delightful time combing through shoes, handbags, dresses, jeans and scarves in Valentino, Chloé, Tom Ford, Roberto Cavalli, Ermanno Scervino, Etro and many, many more. Callum, for his part, had taken one look at the price tag on an ordinary-looking man's shirt, discounted from 400 euros to a mere 95 euros, and decided that this was not a place for a boy on a student budget and no generous allowance from a rich father.

"Of course we can, darling" Amanda replied. Her bladder gave a rebellious twinge of protest.

The monastery turned out to be a good ten miles off their route home, up a narrow road that twisted and zig-zagged over the hills, where puffy white clouds were towering up in the mid-day heat and humidity. Amanda debated asking Callum to stop so that she could pee but there never seemed to be a place where he could pull off the road safely and she could be out of sight of passing cars.

When they finally arrived at the site, the car park was a good two hundred yards away from the entrance to the ruined monastery, down a tree-lined avenue with unfenced fields on either side. There were other tourists and visitors around and no cover anywhere for a girl to do a discreet pee. 'Please God, let there be a loo at this place!' Amanda prayed to herself.

Callum looked at her, concerned. "Are you OK?" he asked.

Amanda smiled brightly back at him. "Fine! I just need a wee, that's all".

"Shall we turn back and head for the villa?"

"No, let's take a look now we're here. Hopefully there will be a loo somewhere." Privately, she knew that it was too late for a change of plan now. By the time they reached the villa she would have soaked herself and the fabric of the car seat. A towel would cope with damp underwear but on its own it would would not protect the seat from a full flood.

She wished that the car had the waterproof seat covers that her father had fitted to the family Range Rover for long journeys when they were children. She and her sisters each had a towel to sit on and would wet their knickers whenever they needed to - no tense searches for a garage with a toilet that would probably be disgusting. Her mother, too, would sometimes hitch up her skirt, place a towel under her and sit still with a faraway expression for a few moments. Spare knickers and fresh towels would be handed out at the next stop.

To Amanda's considerable relief there was a sign behind the ticket counter pointing towards the visitor lavatories. They paid their entrance fee, pushed through the turnstile and entered the cool, medieval building.

Callum stood admiring the tall pillars and arches of the nave, its roof now open to the sky, and Amanda hurried off to find the promised lavatory. Her relief was short-lived. It was locked, with a cardboard sign taped to the door saying that it was out of order. It took an effort of will for her to overrule her bladder, which was now threatening to empty itself there and then.

Feeling that she could burst, Amanda hurried back to Callum. As she started to explain the situation, fat raindrops splattered on to the ground around them and the sun disappeared behind a dark, threatening cloud that suddenly loomed over the open monastery roof. Within seconds the raindrops had become a downpour of tropical intensity. Thunder rolled, gusts of wind surged round the ancient pillars and the temperature dropped sharply.

The visitors in the nave made a dash for the only cover, the remains of an undercroft with vaulted arches resting on squat pillars to support the weight of the stone floor above. Eight or ten other people stood, singly, in pairs or in small groups, silently looking out at the torrential rain that hissed and splashed as it hit the ground. The imagery and the sudden coolness in the air did nothing to ease Amanda's desperation.

A teenage girl dressed in tight-fitting denim shorts and a t-shirt twas standing next to Amanda. The girl turned to her mother and murmured in French "J'ai envie de pipi! Ça presse!"

'Oh well, at least I'm not the only one' Amanda thought.

The girl's mother gave her an irritated frown. "Tu devras attendre" she replied dismissively.

The girl shifted restlessly as she looked at the rain outside. It was beginning to ease but was still strong enough to soak to the skin.

By now, Amanda's bladder was pulsing. She felt the first uncontrolled spurt of hot urine soak into the cotton fabric of her knickers and droplets start to track their way down her thighs. She tried to hold back the flood but the next surge was only a couple of seconds later and this time she could not make it stop. "I'm damned if I'm going to ruin these sandals!" she thought and she parted her legs.

A stream of pee appeared beneath Amanda's dress, splashed noisily on to the ancient flagstones between her parted legs and ran in rivulets across the uneven surface to pool in depressions and crevices. Callum slipped his hand into hers and gave it a reassuring squeeze. Most of the other visitors stood in embarrassed silence, trying to pretend that nothing was happening as the splashing sound continued. The girl's mother, however, stared at Amanda and pursed her thin lips in silent contempt.

When Amanda had finished wetting herself the teenage girl glanced shyly at her. Amanda gave her a conspiratorial wink and a nod.

The girl gave an almost imperceptible shrug of the shoulders. A dark stain spread up her denim shorts from crotch level to mid-height whilst streams of pee cascaded from the leg openings, splashing on to the stone floor and flooding down her thighs and legs into her socks and trainers.

"Léa!" exclaimed her mother in shocked tones "Tu t'es mouillé! C'est une inondation!" Still muttering angrily in French she walked across to the entrance and looked out across the open nave where the rain had almost stopped. Behind her mother's back, Amanda gave the girl a high five.

*005*2018-09-20 19:25

{{On 9/18/2018 at 5:09 AM, mikey mike said:

Yet again another brilliant chapter Ondinist. loved the way that Amanda was able to inspire that other girl to "let go" into her knickers and shorts! The part of the story about long journeys in the Range Rover intrigued me too.... Just a suggestion, but perhaps when everyone is together at the villa one evening you could do part of a chapter reminiscing about those long car journeys; would love to read about their thoughts and feelings on the subject.....

}}

The long car journey suggestion is an interesting idea though obviously I need to avoid any sexualisation of children, which is definitely not the point of these stories. I think it can be done, by keping the focus on the reminiscing adults.

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

Would be nice if the went forward and Amanda the girl met again and had another accident.

}}

Another interesting idea, thank you.

*006*2018-09-26 13:37

{{On 9/20/2018 at 6:54 PM, Night Rain said:

Would be nice if the went forward and Amanda the girl met again and had another accident.

}}

See Valerie 18 - and thanks for the idea!

*007*2018-10-02 19:13

{{On 9/18/2018 at 5:09 AM, mikey mike said:

Yet again another brilliant chapter Ondinist. loved the way that Amanda was able to inspire that other girl to "let go" into her knickers and shorts! The part of the story about long journeys in the Range Rover intrigued me too.... Just a suggestion, but perhaps when everyone is together at the villa one evening you could do part of a chapter reminiscing about those long car journeys; would love to read about their thoughts and feelings on the subject.....

}}

See Valerie 19 and thanks for the idea!

