Holding it in the Metro (Pearl - Splatoon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-02-09 22:45

$$

This is the 2nd Octo Expansion story i've made. The 1st can be found here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/46994-emptying-your-ink-tank-splatoon/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1554119&embedComment=1554119&embedDo=findComment#comment-1554119"

Pearl and Marina were sitting on a bench in the Deep Sea Metro waiting for the Metro to arrive.

Pearl was looking back and forth at the clock on her phone and the rails of the Metro.

"Ugh...How long to we have to wait till that arrives?!" Pearl whined.

Marina took her eyes off her phone and looked around.

The Duo of idols were currently inside the Deep Sea Metro. They were there to look for someone named "Agent 3".

They've been looking around for an hour,But with no results.

And right now,They've spend 15 minutes waiting for the Metro to arrive so that they can head to the next station.

Luckily,They didn't have to wait much longer. As Marina could hear the sound of the Metro echoing.

"Finally...." Pearl said as she got up from the bench.

Upon getting up however,she felt a slight pain in her body.

She pressed her thighs together and let out a small whine.

Due to how hot it was outside of the Deep Sea Metro,Pearl had drank some soda from the Crust Bucket prior to entering the metro.

Now she was starting to regret it,As her bladder was quickly filled in all the time she spent looking for Agent 3.

"Pearlie,C'mon!" Pearl snapped out of her thoughts as she saw Marina motioning her to enter the train.

Pearl took a deep breath and entered the metro with her Octo friend.

The Metro started to move. Having some time to kill,Marina decided to pull out her laptop.

Pearl placed a hand between her thighs and started shaking her legs while she was sitting.

She looked everywhere while they were outside the Metro,But there didn't seem to be any bathrooms around.

"So Pearl,In wich station do you think we should look for next?" Pearl looked aside and saw Marina showing her the laptop screen.

"Ehh...This station." Pearl pointed at the station she was referring to.

She scooted away from Marina and sighed.

With no bathrooms in sight,her only option was to relieve herself outside in one of the stations.

A few minutes passed and the idol duo final arrived at the station.

Pearl got up and felt an even greater pain in her bladder than before.

This caused her to quickly place her hands between her legs while Marina wasn't looking.

Marina turned around,Causing Pearl to remove her hands while still pressing her thighs together.

Marina looked at the small squid with a concerned expression as they exited the Metro.

"What's up?" Pearl asked with a nervous smile.

"Pearlie? Is everything okay?" Marina then took a few steps towards her friend. "You look a bit nervous."

"Of course i'm okay!" Pearl winked and gave Marina a thumbs up.

Marina had her doubts,but she decided to shrug it off.

The two started walking around the station looking for any signs of agent 3.

With each step Pearl took,She could feel all the soda she drank sloshing inside her.

Pearl placed her hands between her legs and looked around.

It seemed hiding spots were pretty scarce in this station. And she couldn't just Pee right here in the open.

The duo continued to look around the station,But they still couldn't find Agent 3.

"It doesn't like they're here either." Marina said as she looked left and right.

"Well carp...." Pearl said as she fidgeted. A lot of minutes have passed while they were looking for the agent and pearl was very close to her limit.

"Pearlie?" Pearl looked at Marina and saw her staring at her.

"Do you need to use the bathroom?" Marina asked as she seemed to notice Pearl's discomfort.

"What? No way! I'm fine!" Pearl said as she placed her hands on her hips.

"Pearlie...." All of the sudden,A loud Ring tone was heard.

Pearl yelped and quickly placed a hand between her legs.

She then stood upright and pulled out a Walkie-Talkie.

"What's up? You're speaking to M.C. Princess! AKA the Baroness of Bars! AKA Foreign Poli-" Pearl stopped her sentence when she heard a loud cough coming from the walkie talkie.

"Oh. Sup,Captain?" Pearl answered as she continued to fidget.

"Any luck with finding Agent 3?" The old voice from the Walkie Talkie asked.

"Nope." A loud sigh could be heard from the Walkie Talkie. "How are the tests going?" Pearl asked.

"Everything is going well. Agent 8 has already managed to collect one of the Thangs." The old voice said.

"Awesome. Well uhh,We'll let you know when we find agent 3 cap. Peace!" Pearl then let go off the Walkie Talkie button.

She then put the Walkie Talkie away only to see Marina standing there tapping her feet.

"What?" Pearl asked nervously.

"Pearlie,You don't have to lie to me...Do you have to go to the bathroom?" Marina asked as she crossed her arms.

"Well...Yes...But i can hold it till we get out of here!" Pearl said with a confident smile.

Marina shook her head.

"*Sigh* A'ight! Fine! I'm need to go very badly! I don't think i can hold it anymore!" Pearl blurted out and started doing a potty dance.

Marina was surprised by the sudden outburst,But nodded.

"Uhh...." Marina started looking around for a spot. "Oh! That seems like a good spot!" Pearl looked at where Marina was pointing and saw a car.

"Isn't that one of those cars from the "Ride with me" station?" Marina nodded.

"Yup. I don't think it's a problem if you go behind it." Pearl looked around and hesitated for a bit.

She then ran towards the car and looked around one last time.

"Go ahead,There's no one around." Marina said with a smile.

Pearl lifted her hoodie and pulled down her shorts and panties.

She then squatted down and exhaled. She then let out a small moan when a stream of Pink urine came out of her.

"Ohhh......Ahhh...." Pearl said as she could feel the relief overwhelming her.

She closed her eyes and relaxed as all the soda she's been holding escaped from her body.

As she continued peeing,She could hear Marina taking some steps towards her.

"Huh? Marina? What are you-" Marina then unzipped her jeans and pulled them down along with her panties.

She then squatted next to Pearl as a green stream jetted out of her.

Marina let out a sigh. "Sorry...I didn't realize how badly I needed to go until just now....ahh..." Marina closed her eyes and let out another sigh.

Pearl smiled and looked down as she could feel her stream weaken.

A couple of drops then escape from Pearl. She then got up and pulled her shorts back up.

"Remind me to never drink so much Soda before we go on a big search." Marina giggled as her stream weakened.

She pulled up her pants and zipped them back up.

"So then....Wich station should we look for next?" Pearl asked with a smile.

The duo started walking while Marina pulled out her laptop to look for another station.

Pearl was finally able to walk around with a confident smile now that she emptied her Ink Tank.

*003*2019-02-10 13:38

{{12 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that it was fantastic

}}

{{6 hours ago, lsn1 said:

Keep up the good work. These stories are great.

}}

Thanks.

