Avalon 4: Girls' Night In

Author: Ondinist

*000*2019-08-14 21:57

Six months had passed since the ship made planetfall with Avalon. For much of that time, Lysander, the team's civil engineer, Orlando and Bassanio had been living and working on the planet's surface, fixing sturdy anchorage points deep into the rock beneath the sand dunes and fusing the silica into a flat, glasslike pad to create a ground station for the space elevator that would enable them to lower all of the heavy equipment that was sitting in crates in the ship's holds. Sebastian divided his time between assisting with the work on the ground and ferrying supplies and such tools and materials as could be fitted into the shuttle that at present was the only link between the ship and their base camp.

Although Perdita could snatch the opportunity for a brief liaison with Sebastian when he brought the shuttle up to the ship for fresh supplies, she was all too aware that their partners' long absence was beginning to affect the morale of the other three girls whose only contacts were short video links whenever the ship's orbit allowed. During the day the girls were busy recording and analysing data on every aspect of Avalon and the rest of the planetary system but the evenings seemed rather quiet without the usual banter between the girls and the boys and, of course, the nights were lonely.

A couple of nights ago, long after the others had gone to bed, Perdita had found Miranda alone in the dimly lit common room, staring silently at the image of the planet on the huge viewing screen. The puddle on the floor around her bare feet suggested she had been standing there for some hours and when she turned towards Perdita her eyes were reddened and her face was streaked with tears. When Perdita put a comforting arm around her, Miranda had sobbed desolately on her shoulder.

Perdita decided she needed to do something to raise the girls' spirits.

###

Instead of just appearing on their communicator screens in the usual way, the invitation had actually been printed on pink card and delivered to Cordelia, Miranda and Viola on a silver salver carried by a droid wearing a pink bow tie.

You are invited to a

Girls' Night In

Tonight at 7pm in the refectory

Theme - Pink!

Intrigued, the three girls made their way that evening to the crew refectory where Perdita was waiting to greet them. As they stood chatting, the droid with the pink bow tie glided into the room bearing four flutes of pink champagne and served one to each of them in turn.

The refectory and crew lounge had been opened out into a single room and Ariel, the ship's Intelligence, had synthesised a buffet of delicious food and drink, all of which would have been instantly recognisable to a traveller from the Ancient Times when people really did eat meat and vegetables and drink fermented fruit juices.

After the buffet meal, accompanied by several glasses of pink champagne and rosé wine, they all settled down on the lounge sofas to watch a romantic comedy that Ariel projected on to the huge viewing screen.

Two hours later the credits rolled and the lights went up. "I need to pee!" Cordelia exclaimed, leaping to her feet and hurriedly squatting down beside her sofa. She lifted her short tunic clear of her panties (which were, of course, pink) and crouched immobile whilst a puddle spread outwards beneath her. Perdita stood up and placed her hands on her hips beneath her short tunic and her legs wide apart and, with an expression of blissful relief, she too peed on the floor. When they sat down again both girls flicked the hem of their tunics clear of their wet panties.

A rectangle drew itself low down on the wall, a slot opened and a flat cube emerged, hovered over the two puddles and returned to its slot whilst the droid with the bow tie returned with four cocktail glasses filled with a neon pink liquid. "Would you like to try my Pink Lady cocktail?" said Ariel. "I warn you, it may be rather heady!"

Miranda was curled up on her sofa with her legs tucked up, her short tunic spread out clear of her saturated panties and the pee-soaked fabric of the seat beneath her. She accepted a cocktail from the droid and sipped it thoughtfully. "Ariel" she said eventually. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Of course you can" replied the voice of the ship's Intelligence in that familiar, soft, quiet voice that seemed to come from all corners of the room at once.

"You know that we don't usually bother to go to the loo just for a pee - was it the same back on Earth? I find it more and more difficult to remember the details of life back then...."

There's a reason for that, Ariel thought to herself but she chose to ignore that aspect of Miranda's question in her reply.

"This behaviour is something you as a group have adopted as a new normality ever since you were Reawakened from your long hibernation" Ariel replied. "If I may say so, it seems perfectly logical to me. Your clothes dry quickly and odour-free, the ship's cleaning systems are 100% efficient and waste is processed in exactly the same way wherever it comes from.

"And there is another factor. You were selected as a team both for your individual skills, knowledge and character and because you share characteristics that will help you both to form strong relationships with your individual partners and to function as a cohesive group. All four of you girls have enjoyed wetting yourselves ever since you were small children and all four of your partners find it sexually attractive when you do so."

"So it's not just Orlando and me!" squealed Miranda before breaking off in confusion, blushing furiously. The others burst out laughing. "No, it's not just Orlando" Cordelia said reassuringly. "Bassanio is another one and I'm guessing...." she looked at Perdita and Viola who both nodded.

"Interestingly, you are already evolving a form of etiquette that reflects the sexual dimension as well as the convenience aspect of this behaviour" Ariel went on. "For example, you girls usually wet yourselves when you need to pee whereas the boys would normally just pee against the nearest wall. However, in mixed company the boys avoid any sexual display by wetting their briefs like you girls do.

"You are the founder members of a new human colony here on Avalon" Ariel continued. "And I expect you and your children will adopt this behaviour as a normal part of your society. There seems no reason not to do so."

"Talking of living on Avalon" Miranda said with a sigh, "I'm looking forward to it but in the meantime I can't help worrying about the boys down thereon their own. It must be hard trying to work in the heat and humidity on the equator and it must also be terribly primitive when they only have those flimsy tents to live in."

"I think you'll find the boys are coping quite well and conditions aren't as primitive as you think" Perdita reassured her. "For example, Sebastian told me that they didn't have enough refrigerator space to store their beers so they designed and 3D printed a device that clamps to a beer can and extracts the heat energy from it. Right now I expect they're sitting outside their tents looking at the stars and drinking beer cooled to perfection."

"Typical!" snorted Viola to laughter from the others.

"And now I have some good news for us all" Perdita continued. "The boys' work on the ground station is nearly finished and they will be returning to the ship in a few days' time. We will then move into a much higher geostationary orbit and start to spin the cables for the space elevator."

Right on cue, the droid with the pink bow tie reappeared with four more Pink Lady cocktails.

Perdita raised her glass. "To the boys!" she said.

The others stood up and chinked glasses. "To the boys!"they echoed.

After much excited chatter the girls eventually drifted back to their rooms, happy and slightly tipsy, Viola leaving a snaking trail of pee along the corridor behind her.

###

Back in her cabin, Miranda was feeling the effects of the alcohol she had consumed during the evening so she drank all of the large glass of chilled water that had been thoughtfully placed by her bedside.

Lifting her tunic off over her head made the room spin disconcertingly so she flopped on to her bed, still wearing her panties and lay on her back, eyes closed. Ariel dimmed the cabin lights for her. The last thing Miranda remembered thinking was that she really did need to pee.

An hour later, a spot of wetness appeared on the fabric of Miranda's panties. It quickly blossomed outwards and a small fountain splashed between her thighs. Beneath her, a pool of pee expanded across her bed until it reached the edge and pattered on to the floor.

Miranda slept on.

*003*2019-08-19 19:41

Thanks for the feedback - one more story in the pipeline.

*005*2019-08-20 20:47

{{17 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Thanks for the heads up Ondinist, I look forward to reading it. Do you mean the coming chapter will be the last, or do you intend to write more chapters of this story? I for one am enjoying this series that you've based on such a novel idea.

}}

At the moment it is just one more story and it is based on your idea of looking some years into the future for the settlers. The theme is not entirely novel, it owes something to other peoples' stories such as Dimwitrolo's "Doing Something Totally Normal" from a couple of years ago.

Inevitably this idea has only a limited appeal to readers on this site and the site itself seems to be changing in character so yes, it will probably be the last one.

Glad you have enjoyed my writing up to now.

