Ask NPM's Charazzy! - Page 2

Author: OasisOnLock

*025*2020-06-13 02:57

Asi: I could... imagine some of them would....

Asriel's face began to flush once more as she kept her hand in this position and soon crossed her legs softly.

Asi: I, uhm... might... kinda be one—

$$

*028*2020-06-13 03:07

{{Just now, Omo luna said:

Are you ok being one of those monsters that likes having a full bladder

}}

Asi: I... guess I am, it's just... kind of embarrassing to acknowledge that—

Asriel kept her legs crossed for some time further and soon adjusted her position slightly to keep her slightly-swollen bladder exposed.

*030*2020-06-13 03:12

{{4 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

If you want a tip don’t have anything around your bladder like a piece of clothing

}}

Asi: I'm sure that would... make it a little bit easier, but I... have to keep my clothes—the Princess has to have at least some standards....

Asriel briefly smiled slightly nervously towards the other Monster.

*032*2020-06-13 03:17

{{1 minute ago, Omo luna said:

Well maybe in your private time you could wear less

}}

Asi: I... suppose I could, but I... probably won't get much of a break for today—

Asriel adjusted her position once more over her seat and briefly glanced down to her bladder another time as her tail continued to wag slowly.

*034*2020-06-13 03:25

{{5 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

It seems you’re excited about how full your bladder is cause of your tail wagging

}}

Asriel's attention perked in response to this comment and her face flushed as she quickly tucked her tail between her legs.

Asi: I... —Right—I... do... like it, a bit—

*036*2020-06-13 04:11

{{41 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Well if you like it then keep holding your pee in

}}

Asi: Right, that was... the plan—

Asriel nodded gently to the other Monster and remained in her position keeping her legs crossed gently as Chara's attention soon returned forwards.

Chr: ... Will this be the entire discussion? I figured there was more to being Royalty than being embarrassed about how we got here.

*038*2020-06-13 04:42

{{24 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

What would be your first order as princesses?

}}

Chara's attention perked lightly once more and she paused for another few moments in thought as her face flushed slightly.

Chr: ... To be frank, I... hadn't considered exactly what to do yet, I just... feel like the two of us should take some time to get used to being in the position.

Asriel nodded gently with Chara's words seeming to agree with this as she gradually uncrossed her legs over her seat.

*041*2020-06-13 17:11

{{1 hour ago, ScarletteV said:

Oh, my Queen Chara... you seem rather desperate~

My my, could you even be... holding deliberately?~

}}

Chr: Why would I do that? The contest is finished.

Chara made a point to keep her legs separated slightly and straightened her posture once more while Asriel glanced lightly to Chara. There was something they both knew—and, frankly, something everyone else could gather—that neither Royalty was willing to state....

*043*2020-06-13 20:29

{{3 hours ago, Omo luna said:

Sorry chara I’m just having a little bit fun with asirel cause I’m a sucker for bladder bulge it means I like seeing bladder bulges

}}

Chr: [sigh]... I didn't know so many Monsters shared those interests, but... this is a crass discussion; it's not proper for the Throne Room—

Asi: No, it's... fine, with me. If you... do like seeing it, I can, uhm...

Asriel then stood from her throne and brushed a hand softly against her bladder as she hesitantly turned to her side to reveal how much it was bulging from herself.

Chr (aside): Asriel Dreemurr, you're the Princess! You're not supposed to submit to the people!

*046*2020-06-13 21:38

{{48 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

Oh, come on, Chara; let Asriel have some fun—and that's a nice bladder bulge, Asriel.

}}

Asi: Uhm... thank you—

Asriel's tail resumed wagging gently in response to this compliment.

Chr: I'll... allow it, but I don't approve of this activity.

{{36 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

So, Chara, have you ever had sexy dreams about Asriel while you were sleeping? Also, when was the last time you had ever peed before becoming the queen?

}}

Chr: I wouldn't think about having that type of dream—like I said, she's like my sister—but I... did dream otherwise about her a few times during the competition; I do... have to admit, she looks more impressive, with her... 'bulge,' as you're putting it.

There was a short pause as Chara sighed quietly once more.

Chr: ...and... we started the contest on 'level ground;' we... 'went' at around the same time to start it off.

*048*2020-06-13 21:54

{{6 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Oh ,sorry about the first question of the last comment. have you and azzy ever had any other friends and has asrial ever gotten bullied for her full bladder fetish?

}}

Chr: Not a problem. That depends on your definition of... 'friends;' we're in the royal family, so there are obviously Monsters who are paying attention to us and some who are looking to get close with us; we've been through a fair share of the Underground. As for the second question...—?

Asi: I, uhm... I wouldn't call it a 'fetish,' and... today's the closest I've ever gotten to being 'bullied' about it. It was just... something fun for Char and I to do when we were kids, and we were kinda... being playful when we wanted to decide who would be Queen.

