Spitfires have no facilities

Author: omar8

*000*2025-03-24 07:16

In reading about the WW2 women pilots of the British ATA, it was mentioned that the planes of the day (bombers, fighters, etc.) had no facilities. The men would be able to use a container but the women, often flying alone, could not for obvious reasons particularly in a cramped cockpit. It was mentioned as a rather critical problem on some flights. The mention was brief but seemed to me an interesting idea for a story. So....

The mission this time was to ferry some spitfires from Israel to Burma. A number of problems occurred since it involved several lengthy legs. One in particular I found quite embarrassing. We had landed to late to continue the day before since the next leg was the longest so we resolved to have an early start the next day.

The following morning a storm had rolled in so we postponed our take off. I relaxed with a second large mug of tea over a longer breakfast. We got a report of a possible clearing in an hour or two so decided to wait and see rather than stand down. We still hoped to get in the long leg ahead of us and maybe a shorter one later in the afternoon. It looked pretty bad after an hour and I surmised we'd be standing down so as we chatted, I stupidly drank another large mug of tea, after I unloaded the breakfast tea. At the two hour mark, a sudden change in the local weather rolled in with another possible storm following. It looked like the clearing would allow us to take off and, with the direction the storms were heading, escape the weather if we went right then. We quickly donned our gear and took off. I gave a quick thought to another pee before leaving but, even more stupidly, decided I really didn't need it.

We climbed away to the east with the sun shining into our cockpits. The leg we were flying this day was close to the maximum range our planes could manage, there were few places to land before our destination and none that we would feel safe using. Since the distance was so close to our absolute maximum range without the drop tank, which we didn't have, we had to fly the entire leg at the most fuel saving throttle setting in order to allow a barely safe enough margin for head winds or problems. At that setting, our speed was slower than normal cruising and it was going to be a long flight, about 4+ hours. After an hour I felt my bladder was filling much to fast. 

After two I had to go rather badly and I knew that I shouldn’t have had that last large mug of tea or the two at breakfast. I certainly shouldn't have skipped my usual just before take off precautionary pee during the confused departure. We were only about half way and I was wondering whatever possessed me to drink so much and start on such a long flight without being empty. After three hours I was desperate and wanted very much to open up the throttle to maximum cruise and hurry things along but we had encountered some head winds and I knew I couldn't fly faster since that would increase our fuel consumption to the point of either barely making our destination with no fuel reserve or not making it at all.

I was stuck. I had no place to go, I refused to even think about the embarrassment of climbing out of the plane and walking across the tarmac after peeing my flight suit, I couldn't speed things along and there was at least an hour flying time left plus queuing up to land, landing, taxiing, parking, and going through whatever red tape they required, all before I could hope to go in search of relief. I was in trouble and wasn't at all sure I could hold my bladder that long. God help me if there was any lengthy delay landing or on the ground once we landed because I knew I would be utterly frantic and unable to hide my desperation by the time we got there. 

I imagined the embarrassment of having to go through some paperwork or other procedure while doing a frantic I gotta pee dance or worse losing control. The thought was appalling, no, no way I'd just have to hold my pee and try not to humiliate myself. I squirmed and fidgeted as much as I could in the cramped cockpit while staring at the fuel gage and trying to figure out a way to go faster without jeopardizing the flight. My gyrations made me jostle the controls so that it was evident to the other planes something was up.

‘Hey, Jackie!’ shouted Leo over the R/T. ‘What are you doing? You got mechanical problems?’

‘I er... I really really need to get to Karachi more quickly...’

‘What’s the matter?’ asked Leo anxiously. ‘Something wrong?’

‘Yes.’

‘What?’

I tried to keep eloquently silent but he didn't get it and asked again. I finally replied, "I very very much wish I hadn't had that third large mug of tea this morning. ‘Oh,’ replied Leo, ‘I'm afraid this headwind we've picked up means we can't throttle up without running dry." All I could do was say, "I know. I'll just have to hang in there."

His chuckling reply didn't help, "And with the stick in the way, you can't even cross your legs." I didn't reply but inwardly cursed the male humor that was triggered by a woman desperate to pee.

We flew on. Although we couldn't go any faster, I mentally urged my Spitfire on as the Pakistan coastline crawled far to slowly and sluggishly by. As I sat there fidgeting with my desperation getting more acute, much to fast, I thought about how tea hits me. I knew that for some, the diuretic effect is quick and pronounced as if the tea goes directly through the kidneys and into the bladder, hence many say, "Tea just goes right through me." For me it seemed to be different, maybe because I'd always been a heavy tea drinker and my body had gotten used to the diuretic effect. 

For me, it was more like a slow release. Obviously what went in had to come out but instead of that quick dump, my kidneys increased their output to compensate for the added liquid but it stretched over a longer time. While this might seem an advantage, it definitely wasn't on long flights. On short ones I was fine drinking tea before take off. Other women that tea had an immediate effect on learned to not drink tea to close to take off, pee just before and that worked fine. For me however, the slower release meant that if I drank very much tea before a long flight, my kidneys would slow the process until I was in the air for some time and I had no place to go. Normally I compensated by reducing my intake and making sure the flight wasn't to soon after I drank but I'd totally screwed up today. I'd drunk way to much, way to close to take off and then hadn't made sure I was totally empty before take off. My kidneys were unloading all that tea much to steadily and efficiently.

By the time another half an hour had passed, I was near to bursting. My kidneys hadn't slowed down their liquid elimination and I was well beyond normal desperate. I had to pee insanely badly and getting well toward frantic. Still I had no choice but to make myself wait. It would be at least another half an hour plus landing, taxiing and ground time. I wasn't at all sure I could wait that long and didn't even want to consider the horror of any delay in landing or on the ground when we got there. The only hopeful thing was that the Karachi aerodrome was rarely busy so I could expect an immediate landing clearance plus the parking area for transient aircraft was fairly close to the terminal with its facilities. All I could do was clamp down, hold it in and hope I got there before I lost control.

Flight suits were built with men in mind and the zipper down the front unzipped from the top and also up from the bottom. For men this was handy since they could unzip from the bottom, reach in, free themselves and relieve themselves into a container with out having to take off the suit which is pretty much impossible in a cramped cockpit and still keep the plane under control. It didn't help me, of course, for relieving myself but I could at least unzip, reach in, press between my legs and hold myself. I didn't do that very often, only when the situation was critical but today it was about as critical as I'd ever experienced. I unzipped, reached in and held myself shut as I rubbed to distract my bladder. It helped some but I had to pee so badly, I knew it was a short term stop gap sort of measure. There wasn't anything else I could do but squeeze, rub, fidget, squirm, clench my thighs and hang onto control.

The next half hour passed incredibly slowly. My kidneys kept right on dumping liquid into my bladder. They may have slowed down the dump a bit since I'd drunk nothing but small sips to keep my mouth from drying out from the second hour on when I realized I was in trouble but they hadn't slowed their dump nearly enough. I was insanely, utterly, unbelievably, desperate, as in frantic. I had to pee so incredibly badly, the pressure was beyond belief and the urgency was simply horrendous. I held on, panting with the effort of holding my pee back, shaking, squirming, flapping my legs, pounding my leg with my fist when it wasn't between my legs squeezing myself shut, rubbing and going out of my mind with the need to pee.

I was beyond frantic by the time we were getting close. By then my bladder was so full that I even had to squirm and fidget more gently to keep from losing control. I felt like any minute I'd start leaking and I knew that if I did, disaster would follow almost immediately. I kept telling myself that I could wait just a minute more, just a minute more until finally, at last, Karachi aerodrome loomed up in the haze. I was shaking and so crazy with frantic desperation that I could barely talk when I called the Control Tower over the R/T.

It was embarrassing to be in such a state and I really didn't want to broadcast that I was wild to get to a toilet and nearly wetting my pants. I managed to pant out, ‘Karachi Tower. Uncle Baker 437. Three Spitfires approaching from the west. Request landing clearance. Over.’

‘There are four landings ahead of you. Stand by, over,’ a heavily accented voice answered.

That answer was horrifying. No, No, my mind screamed. I can't stand by, I can't wait, I have to pee, I have to. I wasn't at all sure I could hold on long enough to land, go through decontamination, get out of the plane, go through whatever other landing procedures required and get to a toilet. If I did manage, it would be a miracle and I would be seconds from totally pissing myself by the time I could get to the john.

‘I can’t stand by,’ I answered urgently. ‘I need to spend a penny extremely badly. Over.’

There was a stunned silence over the R/T before the tower questioningly replied: ‘You have an extreme need to shop, madam? Over.’

I realized that my English euphemism wasn't understood in the least. I could hardly spend time dancing around things as badly as I needed to pee so replied, "Negative. I was trying to tell you that my bladder is full to bursting and I need to get to a toilet terribly badly. I can't wait longer and I can't stand by. Over."

An unidentified male voice heavy with suppressed laughter broke in with, "Maybe it should be ladies first."

I again mentally cursed male humour as the reply that came was even worse than the initial reply. "I am sorry madam but the best I can do is make you number three to land. An air ambulance with a critical medical emergency is approaching now and a severe mechanical emergency is coming in quite shortly behind him. I must keep the runway clear for them. I am afraid that despite the urgency of your need, I cannot place you ahead of them. You must stand by and hold. I will give you clearance as soon as possible. Over."

His reply left me with zero options. I could hardly justify delaying a medical ambulance flight with a critical patient on board or a plane with a potentially disastrous mechanical failure so I could avoid wetting my pants. My mind was chanting a litany of, "Gotta pee. Gotta wait. Hold it in, hold it in. Can't wait. Must pee. etc." All I could do was acknowledge the transmission while in a frenzy of doing everything I could in a cramped cockpit to not wet my pants, hold my pee and not leak. I kept a hand inside my suit pressing on crotch and squeezing for distraction. I could feel my bladder under my hand as a very firm, almost hard, mound it was so full. I was completely, utterly, totally, frantic to pee but there was no relief for me. I could only continue my manic but gentle pee holding moves, pressing, rubbing, squirming, flapping my legs, squeezing my thighs and panting with desperation while we circled the airport in the holding pattern.

I was so focused on holding my pee as I circled the field that I barely heard the radio traffic as the medical emergency did their approach, landed and cleared the runway. My mind was screaming at the landing planes to hurry up, hurry up. I was utterly frantic, still dry but in a terrible state. It was insane how bad I had to go and all I could do was wait, panic and pray that everyone got out of my way and let me pee. It was several minutes later the mechanical emergency reported in that he was on one engine and the other was smoking. His approach and landing took even longer. The tower replied something about emergency vehicles and then he too was down. It took a few minutes more of my frantic holding for him to clear before I finally heard the magic words I needed to hear so exceedingly badly.

‘Uncle Baker 437 You are clear to land number one. Be advised that the middle exit to the taxi way is blocked by a disabled aircraft and you will have to proceed to the end of the runway to access the taxi way. The area in front of the terminal is closed and you will have to park to the west.’ ordered Karachi Tower. He continued with wind, altimeter etc. but I was only really interested in getting down and to a toilet. I was still dry but my need to pee so extreme that I really couldn't believe it. Worse, there was no way to control the throttle, the flaps, the wheels and still fly with just one hand. I had to take my hand away from holding myself. I took a deep breath, clamped down as hard as I could, pulled my hand from my suit and started the landing.

I landed, taxied as fast as I thought I could get away with to the end of the runway, back up the taxi way and onto the tarmac where the ground person directed me. I shut down, unstrapped, and was ready to deplane with just my mask on in seconds. I simply could not believe how impossibly badly I had to pee or that I had somehow held it in and was still dry. I had been desperate and hour and a half ago, frantic for the last 45 minutes at least and now was so far beyond frantic that it seemed impossible I could hold my pee another few seconds. Still I wasn't allowed to get to a deplane. I had to sit, frantically doing a sitting pee-pee dance and holding myself for several more interminable minutes whilst the health authorities let off a D.D.T. bomb inside the cockpit. When they gave the OK, I was finally free to deplane.

My bladder was so incredibly full, the pressure beyond belief and the urgency so terrible that I couldn't imagine I'd be able to wait any longer. I was so close to losing control of it that I knew I absolutely could not jostle, impact or squeeze it in any way getting out of the plane and getting to a john. Climbing out of a Spitfire involved some contortions, bending and leg spreading to get out, down the wing and onto the ground and I had to move slowly, carefully and with several momentary stops to reach into my suit, squeeze myself and retain control despite my insane desperation, urgency and need to hurry. I barely made it to the ground dry.

I started a thighs together shuffle toward the much to far away terminal. I really didn't want to cross the tarmac in full view of the terminal, ground crew, other planes and tower with my hand in my crotch but I had only gone a short distance before I had to hold myself again. I was so frantic to pee that it was endure the embarrassment of holding myself or the embarrassment of losing control. Hobbling in a sort of shuffle, thighs together and a hand in my crotch, I managed to get to the terminal. Grinning officers standing In front of it waved encouragingly as I shuffled past.

Fortunately, I kept my passport and needed documentation in a side pocket of my flight suit. When I got inside the terminal, I shuffled over to the customs desk and stood there doing a totally frantic pee dance while holding myself, bent over and knowing I was about to totally lose control. The customs agent took pity on me, glanced quickly at my passport and me and then stamped it and waved my through.

Now I was in the terminal proper, I quickly scanned around, found the johns and shuffled over and in. Fortunately a stall was open. It took a couple of minutes and a slight leak, for me to struggle out of my flying suit and pants before I sat and got the relief I needed so terribly. I checked my pants and could see that I did leak a bit while getting my flight suit down but it was a small spot and wouldn't show. It felt like the longest most ecstatic pee of my life but after several more minutes, a couple of starts and stops, I was finally empty. My bladder felt very abused, not really painful but like I had better treat it very gently and stay as empty as possible for a few days.

After a very late lunch where I was reminded a number of times to watch my fluids, which I did and to be sure and empty myself before getting back in the plane, which I also did, we flew on to Jodhpur, a relatively short flight of two hours across the barren featureless Thar desert that forms a natural barrier between Pakistan and India. It was an uneventful flight and we landed, me parched but content, as the sun threw its longest shadows.

After a prolonged battle of two hours with the Customs authorities who, still unable to understand that Spitfires were fighter aircraft incapable of carrying either freight or passengers, instituted a new form or a new procedure every time we landed there, we checked in at Circuit House, a small quiet hotel nestling in its own grounds on the outskirts of Jodhpur. After a disappointingly European dinner, I retired, tired from flying and exhausted but proud from my successful battle to control my bladder.

Spitfires have no facilities.txt

*005*2025-03-25 06:09

As to the bumpy landing. I kind of thought that since this was a very skilled, elite pilot with a very strong incentive to not jostle or bump heavily on landing that she would have set it very gently down, greased the landing as they say.

