Standing your ground (A Botw Short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2022-02-01 20:45

$$

"Today has been quite the busy day." Riju said. Her words were followed by a big sigh. One that did not go unnoticed by the guard standing right behind her,Buliara.

"I understand things have been chaotic lately,Lady Riju. But rest assured. Everything will be alright." Riju said.

"I have no doubts about that. Especially now that the hero is back." Riju said.

"Indeed. I'm still on the fence about letting a voe in our town..." Buliara said.

"As long as he keeps the disguise on,i don't see an issue with it." Riju said. She let out a yawn and the scratched her eye. She felt very exhausted. Fortunately for her,She and her guard were approaching her room. Upon opening the curtains,Riju entered the room and turned around.

"That will be all for today,Buliara. You're dismissed." Riju said. The bodyguard bowed and backed out of the room while her chief prepared to go to sleep. Buliara made her way down the stairs leading to the chief's room and continued her walk past the throne of the chief. Buliara let out a groan. Her bladder had been aching for several hours. Her duties required her to be by Riju at all times and that meant there was very little time for toilet breaks. She had seen that Riju had been kind enough to offer bathroom breaks to the more desperate subjects,but Buliara couldn't stand the thought of compromising the chief's safety just for a bathroom break. Because of this,she often held it for long periods of time and as such,her bladder pushing its limits was nothing new. But now that Riju was safe in her bedroom,Buliara had the chance to take care of this with no interruptions.

The strutted down the hallways of the castle,ignoring all the twinges her bladder sent her like she had been doing for the entire day. Eventually,she arrived at a door with a sign on it. The sign had "toilet" written on it in Gerudo. She opened the bathroom door and was surprised by what she saw. A Gerudo soldier,sitting on the toilet. With her back leaning against the toilet and her legs spread open,making a stream of urine very visible. She had a look of complete bliss that turned to shock when she opened her eyes.

"Eeek! M-Miss Buliara!" She quickly crossed her legs and blushed. Buliara gritted her teeth.

"S-Sorry! I must've forgotten to lock the door! I uhh..." Buliara closed the door before the fellow Gerudo had time to explain herself. The sight of another vai relieving herself made her bladder beg for release even more. Despite all the torture,Buliara was able to stand still with little to no signs that she was pushing her limits. A while later,she heard the sound of the toilet flushing. The door opened and the Gerudo sheepishly stepped out.

"I-I'm sorry."

"You do realise that someone could've attacked you like that,right?!" Buliara said.

"Yes ma'am. I'm sorry." The Gerudo said.

"Hmph. Just make sure you don't leave yourself so vulnerable next time!" Buliara said. The Gerudo nodded and left. Buliara looked at the open door and saw the toilet. Her bladder once again urged her to hurry up and use it. Buliara entered the room and closed the door,making sure to lock it afterwards. She turned around and stared at the toilet. Any Gerudo who was desperate would've turned around,taken a seat and enjoyed the moment of release. But Buliara had other plans. She undid her belt and let her pants drop.

But instead of sitting, she placed her hands on her most intimate area. She spread her lips and thrusted her hips forwards. Without delay,a powerful stream of urine jetted out of her body and landed inside the toilet bowl. Buliara tried to keep her usual calm face. but as her bladder began shrinking,she couldn't help but let out a moan. Thank Farore there was nobody in here to hear her. Buliara looked down and stared at her stream as it continued to splash against the toilet bowl.

A smile appeared on her face. She was quite proud of this. It took quite a lot of training,but it seemed to have payed off,as she was now able to pee standing up without making a big mess. This proved to be bit more convenient and a little fun in her opinion. She then closed her eyes again and relished in the feeling of relief.The feeling always felt like a good reward for holding it for so long. She wanted it to go on,but it all soon came to an end. Her stream weakened and eventually the arc it was traveling got smaller,causing her to spill a little on the toilet and the floor. Buliara groaned and grabbed some toilet paper. Once she had wiped herself clean,she grabbed some more and cleaned up the small mess she had made.

Once she was done,she pulled up her pants and tightened her belt before flushing the toilet. She exited the room and let out a satisfied smile. She then walked away and decided to head back to her quarters to call it a day. Tomorrow she was gonna be busy once again.

