Found a new way to enjoy

Author: OldWetter

*000*2025-12-15 02:14

Hi all; Since my wife is not appreciative of my kink, I'm always looking for new ways to "express" myself. I've been wetting on my walks with my dog. She doesn't really care and she pees whereever she wants anyway. 🙂

So, I had to take my motorcycle to the shop to get some work done the other day. There some, but low chance of rain. I have nice motorcycle pants with armour and stuff in them, but I get really tired of wearing my jeans underneath. It's just uncomfortable. So, I put on some exercise pants. These are a nylon/cotton mix. They're very comfortable and not nearly as thick. The idea is to not have to take off the motorcycle pants and still be comfortable.

I have been finding very nice nylon feeling underwear that feels very good to wet. I have some small (tight) short boxer/briefs. Their reallyh more breifs than boxer. I put them on and they I put on my favorite boxer/briefs with longish legs. In between them, I put a heavy duty pad. Then I put on the exercise pants and then my motorcycle pants. This seems like a lot, but it was really comfortable.

Then I took off to the shop. The ideal was to not use the toilet because the motorcycle pants can get pretty awkward when trying to pull them down/around/under to pee. So I didn't.

It worked great. I still felt like I was peeing my pants, and my oustide boxer/briefs got a little damp. But it was pretty much contained. I want to use this combination (without the motorcycle pants) when i walk the dog and figure out how much I can pee before I start getting my exercise pants wet. That will help knowing how far I can go on the motorcycde before working about getting my custom seat wet or even my motorcycle pants wet. They don't wash easily and I don't want them smelling like pee.

