Valerie 13: Vignette

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-07-07 09:07

I lay awake staring at the lofty ceiling of our bedroom, totally unable to sleep. There was no breeze to stir the heavy, humid air, even though the French windows on to the balcony had been flung wide open. It had been too hot to make love and, after some langourous cuddling, Valerie had dropped into a deep sleep.

Both of us were naked and the coverlet and sheet we usually slept under lay in crumpled heaps on the marble floor. Moonlight streamed into the room, illuminating Valerie's pretty face in repose on her soft pillow, her shapely form as she lay on her front, pert bottom uppermost and arms and legs flung out in all directions.

For a moment I could not identify the pattering sound. I raised myself on one elbow and looked across at Valerie. Moonlight revealed that she was wetting the bed as she slept, peeing steadily into the white sheet beneath her and creating a puddle that spread outwards from under her thighs.

I leaned across, kissed her cheek and murmured gently to her to wake up. She stirred, opened her eyes and gave me an unfocused look. Then she realised that the bed beneath her was soaking wet and sprang to her feet. "What the hell...? Oh God, no!!" She burst into tears.

I went round and took her in my arms. "It's all right, darling. You've just had a little accident, that's all."

"Oh Tom, I'm so, so sorry!" she sobbed.

I sat her on my lap, her wet thighs clammy against my skin, and rocked her gently, as though I was comforting a small child. "It doesn't matter, we'll soon get it cleared up."

When she was a little calmer I gently lifted her on to the old leather armchair that formed part of the room's furnishings. She huddled down, shivering despite the oppressive heat, so I picked up the discarded coverlet from the floor and wrapped it around her. Pulling off the wet bed-sheet and the mattress protector beneath it, I crumpled them into a ball before throwing them into a corner of the room to be dealt with in the morning. After spreading a fresh sheet over the mattress - mercifully completely dry - and tucking it in I picked Valerie up again, tenderly laid her on the bed, lay down beside her, pulled the top sheet and coverlet over us both and took her in my arms.

It was only occasionally that I saw the vulnerable side of Valerie's character - the insecure child within the feisty, self-assured adult - and at that moment I loved her more deeply than ever.

"Why so upset?" I asked gently "You have never minded wetting yourself, after all."

Still tearful, she turned away from me and spoke quietly into the darkness of the room. "That's different. Wetting my knickers because its the easiest thing to do, or even losing control because I have waited too long, is not at all the same thing as weeing without even realising I am doing it."

"I don't think it's as serious as that" I murmured. "It's just the heat. You've been drinking water all afternoon and evening and wetting your bikini whenever you've needed a wee. Then you've come to bed, still full of water, fallen into a deep sleep and your body just let go. I really don't think it's anything to worry about."

She seemed somewhat reassured by my words, though not totally convinced. We lay quietly together, front to back, Valerie curled in a tense ball, me holding her protectively. After several minutes of quiet comforting her breathing became more calm, her body gradually relaxed and eventually she fell asleep in my arms.

*005*2018-07-17 19:33

Thanks to you all for your kind feedback. It means a lot to know that the stories are enjoyed.

