Short Story - Surprise Gone More Surprising

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2022-11-11 09:19

My seventh writing (and first in a while...my last post was in July ), hope you enjoy!

###

Mali [F] - 20 y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

Yuta [M] - 20 y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; sometimes wonders how it would feel to be on her end.

###

Ever since Mali's park walk, time had been marching forward. It was winter now, and Mali landed herself a new job. After being laid off at the concession stand for the season, she's been occupied with waiting on customers at a local dine-in. Her attire was comprised of a pair of deep hazel pants and a stylish employee shirt. She found herself working a day shift, and wanted to give her special someone a nice romantic(?) surprise when she got home. Mali made sure that her water bottle was never empty as she worked the ending hours of her shift; Yuta would be getting eye candy when she bursts through the front door desperate to get to the bathroom. Perfect! she thought.

2 hours remaining: Mali downs half of her water bottle to get her bladder working. She already felt that something was creeping up on her, but took good care in not overdoing things too quickly

1 hour remaining: She feels liquid jostling around within her finishing her first bottle. She feels a greater urge to go, but is still able cover it up without flaw. A pressure forms underneath her stomach.

30 minutes remaining: If Mali would be home in this moment, she'd make a beeline for the toilet. On the contrary, she now had to walk around to each table at a slower pace, much more well aware of her movements, and how a wrong turn could lead to a slip in her sphincter... She fills her bottle to take sips every few minutes to ensure that Yuta gets the best experience possible.

3 minutes remaining: The floodgates were opening sooner than she anticipated. Mali grew cautious, jittery and overall nervous. All she had to do was make one final trip from the kitchen to the guests, and she would be out of there. Carrying the food over, her movements were steady, her whole body tense, not wanting to drop the food nor leak. She goes to set down their plates. Safe. She asks if the customers need anything. Safe. She turns to walk away.

*drip drip, sprt*

Mali freezes for a brief moment to gain her composure, then walks away. That was too close! How did I manage not moving an inch while it happened?! I was so scared I'd looked like I wet myself.....oh no, do I have a wet spot now...?.....doesn't matter. I gotta get going. Fast!

She clocks out, grabs her work bag and hurriedly walks out the back to her car. She gets in carefully and floors it out of there towards home. While driving she leans forward and closes her knees tight together. Her concentration became split between driving and holding her liquid cargo inside, so much that approaching a red light, she fails to notice right away and hits the brakes harder than she would. The car comes to a rapid halt and...

*pssch*

"FUCK!" Mali grimaces. "shit shit shit not yet!" She feels the car seat beneath her heat up, her underside now undoubtedly coated with a dark spot. She stammers her feet beneath the wheel as she waits for eternity for the light to switch, her hand tucked firm between her thighs. The remainder of the ride consisted of sitting unstill in the seat, making awkward noises nobody should hear, and complaining about the slightest bit of traffic in her path home.

Then at last, she finally pulled into the driveway. She pulled out her things and slams the car door. Hobbling over to the front door, Mali began to feel a light *dribble* escape her frontside, whilst shivering in the cold due to her exposed wet spot. Almost there, almost there.....

The front door swings open. She hurries her way through the kitchen and down the hall. She sets eyes on the bathroom and finds the door slightly inched open...with a toolbox and another man inside?! Mali is shocked with surprised eyes. Yuta leans around a doorframe, telling her "Hi, a pipe burst, so I got a plumber to fix it for us same day!"

*spurt, fsh*

Mali turns around in a panic, Yuta now seeing her conflicting matter at face value. Mali thinks out her options.

The toilet? No someone's in there...*leak*....uhm...Can't go outside, it's still light out and neighbors are watching!...*drip drip*

She looks across the kitchen. No cup...No vase...sink...SINK!

.....

*FSSSHHHHHHHH-*

She spontaneously lost all control. Gasping, she swayed across the room, pee draining from her crotch and pantlegs. Mali approaches the sink, full throttle spraying out her contents. She bends forward and contracts her bladder and sphincter one more time, undoing her pants as her legs are sealed shut together. She achieves a momentary trickle pulling down her wet undergarments only to bet again met with loss of control as she hoists herself onto the counter, soaking it and the cabinets beneath. At last - *FMMMMM* - her stream slamming powerfully against the metal of the sink. Her golden liquid drips from the countertop, her hands, and her pants, now at her ankles. She continues on for nearly 20 more seconds, breathing hard after all was done. A trail growing in spread was left from the corner of the hallway to the sink, Yuta watching from afar in awe.

"Well this was supposed to be a surprise done in there," Mali says pointing down the hall. "But I hope you're satisfied with this instead!" she says whimsically.

He averts from her gaze, ashamed. ".....I'm sorry."

_______

Thanks for reading! I hope you liked this scenario! As always, I'm open for requests and suggestions for my next writing. Though I do have in mind a situation involving Yuta as a subject....

