Hold it!.....Settle it in Smash! (A Super Smash Bros Story)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-06-25 13:55

Hey everyone. I want to get a few things out of the way before we start.

1.I've finished my intership period. So i have some more time for myself now. I can't promise that i'm gonna upload more frequently but hopefully this means gaps between uploads won't be as big.

2.There will be some Yuri and headcanons incorporated in this story. Tried keeping the characters as close to their canonical selves but there might be some moments that might be considered OoC. I know that Smash-Based stories tend to indulge in headcanons anyway,but i wanted to make that clear for now.

Story suggested by @warham1995

.

&&

Our tale begins in the center of the Palace where Smash Fighters lay low until they're called for the next scheduled fight. A few fighters were resting after a long battle. Some of them were simply sending spirits away and others were there for a lunch and some drinks. Among one of those was the Godess of Light, Lady Palutena. The goddess was having a big glass of Water of Life. A common beverage in Skyworld that served to heal those who drank it. Not like Palutena needed it for it's healing properties. She just enjoyed the taste. She chugged down the last of her big cup and gently laid down the glass,which was swiftly picked up by a Mii. She let out a hearty satisfied huff.

"I see you're getting yourself refreshed. For the upcoming exhibition match i take it?" A voice said. Palutena turned her head and saw Lucina standing there.

"Not necessarily. I just wanted to have a drink. I am looking forward to purifying you guys on the battle field." Palutena said with a wink. Had Palutena been looking a little closer,she would've noticed the faint blush on Lucina's face. Their thoughts were interrupted by the sound of someone slamming their cup against the bar. The two turned to see Samus who had just finished drinking from the same Water of Life Palutena had been taking.

"I wouldn't get confident. I've been taking the time to practice lately and i've had some missions between tournaments. I'm ready to take on both of you." Samus replied.

"Hmpph...We'll see how long you two can last against me once we're on the field."

"Remember that the hands made sure we're all on equal footing here. Being a Goddess doesn't mean you'll automatically win." Samus said as she got up. Palutena smirked and used her powers to warp behind her.

"Or does it? anything a human can do,a godess can do better~" Palutena said close to Samus' ear,eliciting a faint blush from the normally stoic bounty hunter. She warped back to her seat and snapped her fingers. Another glass of Water appearing in her hands.

"Fancy a drink you two?" Palutena said. Lucina took it without hesitation and Samus followed. The three continued to converse until the time for the tournament's start drew closer.

"I think it's about time to head out. You better be at you best." Samus said with a smirk.

"I'll see you on the Battlefield,Lady Palutena." Lucina said with a bow. The two left and Palutena was left alone with an empty glass. She placed down the glass and got up from her seat.

"Oooooh~"

A sharp twinge went through her body. A Telltale sign that her bladder was starting to get full. Yes,even Gods and Goddesses seemed to have their limits. And Palutena's bladder had become pretty full in the past hour thanks to her holding off on using the bathroom and all the Water of Life she had just drank. There was nothing stopping Palutena from warping away towards a bathroom or a secluded area and taking care of her needs...but she didn't...

"What's one more match like this?" Palutena said with a smile that was both strained yet full of confidence. She goddess has had several opportunities to relieve herself. But she didn't and for a very simple reason: She enjoyed seeing how long she could last before absolutely could not take it anymore. Now being a goddess, It was a given that she could last much longer than mortals. and the ability to warp also made it easier for her to find somewhere to do her business. With those perks, Palutena had done the self-imposed challenge of holding it as long as possible and she was surprised to see she enjoyed it.

"Would the following fighters please make their way to the spawn point? Palutena,Lucina and Samus!"

Palutena began to strut towards the designated gathering, smiling through every pang her bladder sent her.

"Oh...if they get a good hit in..." Palutena thought to herself as she clutched her bladder. The potential of wetting herself was a part of the challenge that Palutena wasn't very thrilled about. But she did enjoy the challenge of having to dodge while keeping her bladder in check.

###

Lucina took a deep breath, rubbing her thighs and looking around as she waited for the match to start.

"Neglected to use the restroom before the match?" Samus said as she noticed Lucina's body language.

"I'm just excited for todays match with Palutena!" Lucina said.

"Right. Are you hoping to impress her by fighting while on the verge of bursting?" Samus said.

"I-I can do it! There isn't enough time now anyway and I've endured hardships while relief was nowhere in sight! I'm not trying to impress her!" Lucina said.

"Right,so is your face red simply because it's warm?" Samus asked.

"Y-yes. i mean aren't you warm? You're sweating a lot right now." Lucina said. Samus stayed quiet and didn't bother answering.

....At that very moment,Palutena warped in the middle. Startling them booth. Lucina clutched her thights and Samus crossed her legs.

"Greetings ladies? are we ready to start the match?"

Upon making eye contact with the Goddess of Light, the two quickly straightened themselves. They stepped into the spawn point and disappeared.

###

The battle had in the bustling Marketplace of Garreg Mach Monastery. Lucina and Zero Suit Samus, focused and determined,traded blows with each other. Their strained facial expressions making it look like they were roughing each other up quite well.

In reality, while the blows hurt. They bladders seemed to be having a bigger impact on them. To the point where they couldn't move without making a face.

Lucina swiftly swung her Parallel Falchion. She charged forward, unleashing a flurry of sword strikes, each swing precise and calculated. Samus, utilizing her acrobatic kicks and the power of her jet boots, gracefully evades Lucina's attacks, retaliating with quick, well-timed strikes of her own. Despite all the figurative pleading from their bladder, they didn't seem to let up. with the attacks. a blue platform materialized, rocketing the fighters high into the sky and descending rapidly, sending them hurtling back into the next location and as they landed in the Reception Hall, Samus, seizing an opportunity, delivers a powerful kick, causing Lucina to slide back and clutch her body.

Zero Suit Samus attempted to gain an aerial advantage with her Flip Jump, but Lucina, ever vigilant, counters with a swift Dolphin Slash. Zero Suit Samus barely manages to recover and had to take a moment to control her bladder. Palutena took the opportunity and struck with a combination of kicks and shield bashes. She raised her staff and struck with her Autoreticle. She goddess smiled and let out a grunt. So far they hadn't managed to land a hit on her yet. Samus flip jumped towards her and had nearly managed to burry her, But Palutena dodged and sent samus flying with her wings. Samus slid back and winced.

"Aww,c'mon now. Don't tell you're exhausted already!" Palutena taunted as the rubbed her thighs together. This caused her hips to move in a manner that had captivated Lucina. However, a pang from her own bladder quickly snapped her out of it. She placed a hand between her legs and huffed for a bit before standing upright and rushing towards Palutena.

Palutena's staff illuminated as she activated Autoreticle once more, the reticle hovering over Lucina and Samus. The energy blasts streak through the air, momentarily diverting their attention. Explosive flames erupt, creating a dazzling display of light and power. Lucina, continuing to ignore the strain, countered Palutena's advances with her Shield Breaker. However, to her surprise Palutena managed to Parry her Shield Breaker. Lucina stood there,for a moment completely in shock.

"Madness..." She said as she started slack jawed at the goddess. Palutena giggled and struck Lucina in her abdomen,causing her to reel back and clutch if once more.

"My, You two seem to be grabbing that spot a lot in this match. Are you testing your bladder's limits?" Palutena joked. Samus took the oppotunity and knee'd the goddess in her back,causing her to stumble forward. She caught herself before landing on the ground.

"Ahhh! Ohhhh!" Palutena moaned. She almost let go,but she was hanging in there. The noise causing a blush from both Samus and Lucina.

"What's with those noises?" Samus teased. Trying to be a stoic as ever,but her movements did not go unnoticed by Palutena.

"What's with the shifting? It looks kinda adorable. The Intergalactic Bounty Hunter shifting like she needs to pee. Cute." Palutena teased back. Samus didn't react,but a blush continued to betray how she was feeling.

Lucina shook her head. She stood straight up again and charged at Palutena once more. Not wanting to let Samus one-up her and not willing to wet herself right in front of Palutena. She gritted her teeth and charged at the two. Determined to win this match and get the approval she desired from Palutena.

Samus seemed to be in the same boat. Despite her gritting and groaning with every move. She still continued fighting and flipping around. Years of bounty hunting meant she was not about to let something as minor as a full bladder restrict her movements.

###

"Mamamia, this has to be the stiffest looking fight i've-a ever seen." Wario said as he watched the fight unfold. Pit observed the fight while drinking some of the Water of Life. He was rooting for Palutena like always. However,he too couldn't help but notice how stiff the Goddess' movements were.

Granted,this wasn't the first time he had seen Palutena fight as stiffly as she is right now. That seemed to happen every once in a while. But what caught is attention was the fact that Samus and Lucina seemed to be fighting just as stiffly as she was.

"I guess those 3 forgot to make a stop to the loo before fighting. They look like they're on the verge off pissing themselves." Bayonetta said as she took a sip from her drink. Bayonetta's comment caused pit to raise an eyebrow. Maybe that is indeed what was going on. He did see how many glasses of Life Palutena had taken. And he knew from personal experience with the drink that it could go through your body fairly quickly. To the point were those who weren't angels or deities often found themselves making several bathroom visits in just one hour.

Pit looked away from the screen for a second and noticed the shifty was Bayonetta was moving. It became apparent to pit that she had to go too. But why wasn't she leaving? was the fight too good for her to leave in the middle to take a pee break?

Bayonetta briefly looked at Pit,who blushed and hastily looked back to the screen. A reaction that elicited a smirk from Bayonetta.

###

As the dust settled, the three fighters found themselves momentarily separated. Catching their breath, Eyes locked on each other as each of them shifted uncomfortably. Palutena, her staff glowing with celestial energy, took a defensive stance. Lucina gripped her blade tightly, determination etched on her face. Zero Suit Samus cracked her knuckles.

They had several close calls during the match,But their still remained determined. the three fighters charged forward simultaneously. Their battle raged on, each fighter pushing themselves to the limit figuratively and literally.

Throught the fight,Palutena has had several close calls. Both Samus and Lucina had managed to get some good hits in and there had been moments during the fight where she was legit worried that she was gonna wet herself. But ultimately managed to hold it in and she felt a sense of pride everytime she stopped a potential leak.

The three once again stood still. Palutena was shifting her hips in a wide arc as she contemplated her next move. As much as she enjoyed this,she feared that if this went on any longer,she was genuinely gonna wet herself. Her opponents didn't seem to be doing much better either. Lucina had her legs crossed and her face looked absolutely flushed.

However,Lucina was mainly focused on Palutena's movements. She way the goddess was swinging her hips was an entrancing sight to the blue haired swordfighter. A sentiment that unbeknownst to her was shared by Samus. The Bounty hunter was standing behind Palutena and the way parts of her body jiggled with her movements just...stirred something in her.

...Then again,that could just be her bladder begin for release. Samus may have had several types of DNA in her body,but she was still human. A human that was reaching her limit.

Wanting to put an end to this,Palutena leaned forward and glided towards Lucina. A powerful twinge from her bladder snapped the swordfighter out of her trance and she took a moment to jam her hands between her legs. She didn't realise that she gave Palutena the opening she needed to finish her off. Palutena summoned her wings and struck her with them. Lucina felt a sharp pain going through her body before she was sent flying and reached the blast zone.

"You did well,Lucina. But it seems i have the higher limit after all." Samus said to herself while shifting. She looked at Palutena,who was also taking a moment to catch herself. She took this moment and tried to run towards the Palutena. As she had done the entire match,she completely ignored her screaming and aching bladder. She tried using her Plasma Wire to grab Palutena. But Palutena seemed to have seen this coming and warped right behind Samus. The then raised her staff and summoned a pillar of light that sent Samus flying upwards. She disappeared in the sky and lost her last stock.

Palutena took a moment to relax. She had won. She won the fight and had still managed to hold it all in.

"Eeeep!" She crossed her legs and jammed her band between them. As proud as she was that she had once again lasted as long as she did,she had to go now or she was gonna wet herself.

###

"Y-You're still here?" Samus asked.

"Y-Yeah. I-I'm waiting for Palutena." Lucina said.

"You sure you don't want to head to the bathroom before the next match starts?" Samus said as she pointed to the way Lucina was shifting. At this point not even trying to conceal how badly she needed to go right now.

"How about you then?" Lucina said. Pointing to Samus who was also no longer doing a god job keeping her usually stoic appearance.

Before the discussion could continue any further. Palutena warped in front of them and began hovering away from them. Her focus was getting to the bathroom, which thankfully wasn't that far away that she needed to teleport. However, before she could relieve herself, Lucina approached her.

"L-Lady Palutena!" Lucina approached her. wincing with everystep. Palutena stopped and turned around.

"I uh...i really enjoyed the match" Lucina said with a blush. Palutena smiled back and was just about to leave when Samus stopped her.

"Yeah. We should do it again. Hopefully it'll last longer next time." Samus replied with an equally strained expression.

"Yeah,sure. Anyways. If you excuse me. I uhh...need to visit the goddess' room." Palutena said.

"Oh..O-Of course. I gotta say. You did a good job! I have been holding it the entire fight too. and i was impressed by how you managed to keep yourself compossed so well." Lucina said.

"Thanks...now then..."

"Too bad,you didn't last very long." Samus teased Lucina.

"What do you mean?" Lucina asked.

"You were the first to be defeated. You managed to hold it for long,but that moment of reprive you took is what finished you off." Samus said. "I managed to keep it up with the goddess just fine. Samus said as she placed her hand on Palutena's shoulder.

"Errr......"

"You were shifting and struggling too!" Lucina said.

"No i wasn't. I've been going on missions we're i've had to hold it for long periods of time for forever. I know how to keep myself compossed." Samus replied.

"So have it! There aren't a lot of opportunities to relieve myself when i'm out helping father during a mission. You're not fooling me. i've seen how you've nearly-"

"E-Excuse me,ladies?" Palutena said,wanting this conversation to end already. However,the two seemed insistant on keeping the argument going and eventually Palutena decided to give up and teleport away. This snapped the two out of their argument. They looked around in confusion.

"Eeep!" Lucina let out,she could feel a leak in her undergarments. She decided to worry about Palutena latter and focus on using the bathroom before the wet spot becomes bigger. Watching Lucina bolt to the bathroom,Samus decided to do the same thing. As she entered the bathroom, She saw that Lucina had already taken a stall. Samus looked at the stalls. If the lack of a Halo was anything to go by,Palutena didn't warp into this bathroom.

"Haaaaaahhhh..........ohhhhhhh......" Several Moans of relief snapped her out of her thoughts. Samus looked at the stall Lucina was in. The swordfighter so engulfed in her relief that she couldn't surpress the euphoria she was feeling. These noises served to alert Samus and she hastily entered a stall of her own. She locked the door and zipped down her Zero Suit. It was always a pain to remove whenever she needed to relieve herself. She pulled down the suit,now standing almost completely bare naked. She sat down on the toilet and almost immediately let lose a powerful stream of urine.

"Ooooooh.......yeeaaaaahhhhhhh........" Samus moaned as relief quickly replaced the stress she had felt during the entire battle.

###

Palutena warped back to the center of the temple and took a deep breath. She had no idea what had gotten into those two, But she had no interest in dealing with it. Not when her bladder was about to burst.

Before she could further attend her needs though, she was greeted by the sight of a blushing pit. Not just a blushing pit though. A blushing pit being teased by Bayonetta. He had his hands in front of him and was sweating profusely.

"What are you hiding back there? angel boy?" Bayonetta said as she took steps towards him. Her flushed expression and the stiff way she walked indicated to Palutena that she was in desperate need for the lavatories as well.

Pit tried to back away,but Bayonetta continued walking. Letting out ocassional moans every few steps.

"Heh.....don't tell me you enjoy watching a lady who is bursting for a pee?" Bayonetta said as she rubbed her thighs together. She grabbed his chin.

"Naugthy little thing...."

"N-No! Of course not...I-I...." Pit replied with a blush.

Palutena glared at the Umbra Witch and dragged Pit away from her. She then proceeded to Warp herself and pit out of there.

"Aw...Poor little angel. He is a lot more naughty then i thought~" Bayonetta snickered with a blush. Normally it was her job to take down angels, but she seemed to find an unexplainable amount of joy from toying and teasing him.

###

Palutena and Pit reappeared in the sky. Pit himself was standing right above a few clouds. With no floor and nobody to see other than Palutena herself.

"W-Where are we?" Pit asked as he looked around.

"Just a place to have some peace." Palutena said. She glanced down and looked a pit as he still had his hands in front him.

"You better not be thinking off anything naughty~" Palutena teased. Pit quickly shook his head and backed away.

"No... i uhh...i need to pee. I was gonna head to the restrooms when Bayonetta began talking to me and teasing me." Pit said with a blush. Palutena nodded and understood his plight. She clouds Palutena was standing on flew away from the one pit was on. Creating some distance betweem them.

"You may do it here." Palutena said.

"H-huh?" Pit asked.

Palutena didn't respond any further as she herself turned her back to him. Pit was completely confused until he heard the sound of her unbuckling some of her clothes. Pit blushed and turned around.

"L-Lady Palutena! What are you-"

"You said you had to go too,right?" Palutena said as she continued to move what was needed out of the way and hiked up the front of her dress. Seemingly unbothered by pit's prescence.

"T-Too?" Pit's confusion escalated as he heard a slight splatter followed by a moan of relief coming from Palutena. Pit's blush intensified,all the noises painting a very clear picture of what was going on behind him. The noises also served to remind him of his own needs. Remembering that Palutena gave him the go,he began unbuckling his clothes and moving whatever he needed to move out of the way. He felt very awkward about it, but he needed to go pretty badly so he just rolled with it.

A stream of urine jetted out of the alien,creating a wide arc that disappeared below the clouds. Both the angel and the goddess sighed as they relieved their aching bladders. They contiued emptying their streams and pit was looking around for something to distract himself.

"Umm...so...about that match"

"oooohhh.......What about it?" Palutena said as she clossed her eyes,taking massive amounts of euphoria from finally releasing what she had been holding after so long. That's another aspect of this self-impossed challenge that she liked. The oh-so sweet release.

"What was that all about? You guys looked like you were in pain before the match even started." Pit said as he continued to relieve his bladder.

"Hmm.....i've been holding off on using the restroom. i guess they were doing the same....Ohh...." Palutena continued with the noises. Pit tried to ignore it and tried focusing on just about anything else to distract himself. But there was nothing but clouds for miles on end.

"Umm...so what is this place?" Pit asked as he continued to pee.

"Just a place i come to when i need some space. Goddesses have needs to pit." Palutena said as she opened her eyes. Several minutes passed and eventually both of their streams came to and end. Palutena summoned her staff and used some magic. a few sparkles appeared around her waist and then disappeared. Pit readjusted his clothes and kept his gaze away from Palutena.

"Are you done?" Palutena asked.

"Yeah..." Pit said. Palutena walked up to him and raised her staff. Ready to warp both of them out of there. However,she then looked at pit and smirked.

"Did you peek?" She asked. Eliciting a blush from the angel.

"N-no! I would never do that to you,Lady Palutena!" Pit said.

"You're not gonna be thinking about this moment are you?" Palutena teased him further.

"I will not! I'm not like that!" Pit shouted with a fierce blush. Eliciting a giggle from Palutena. The raised her staff and then warped the two away from the sky.

###

"So....how long have you felt this way about her?" Samus asked as her urine continued to cascade in the toilet. Their streams had been going on for a while and she needed something to distract her.

"I've been enamored with her since the 4th tournament." Lucina replied. The conversation proving to be a good distraction while they emptied their aching bladders.

"Well,i can't say i don't see where you're coming from." Samus replied.

"Do you like her too?" Lucina asked.

"I....May or may not have started feeling something towards her since the start of this tournament. I didn't know what came over me at first. I've never really felt this way towards someone..." Samus said.

The sound of pee stream continued to echo through the bathroom....

"So do we tell her or....?" Samus asked.

"I think it would be in our best interested if we apologized first." Lucina said as she reached for some toilet paper. Samus simply grunted in response as she reached for a wad herself and used it to clean herself.

"Oooohhhh....." Another voice echoed through the bathroom.

"Bayonetta?" Samus asked.

"One and only...haaahh...." Bayonetta said as she relieved herself. Her wicked weaves had completely vanished. leaving her almost naked much like Samus who was busy zipping her suit back up.

"....You two were fighting like you had something holding you back. I guess this answers it." Bayonetta said jokingly as she continued relieving herself. The sound of the toilet flushing echoed through the bathroom as the two fighters fixed their clothes and left their respective stalls to wash their hands.

"So what's this i just heard about "should we tell her?"" Bayonetta asked with curiousity as they continued to relieve themselves.

"We uhhh....We had a bit of an argument. That all i'd rather say on the matter." Lucina said.

"Is that why she was so pissy when she game to get the angel boy? Or was is it because she was just as desperate as you two?" Bayonetta asked. Lucina and Samus glanced at each other. They had to find her and apologise.

###

Eventually they ran into Palutena who was having a conversation with pit. She spotted the two fighters approaching her.

"Umm...Lady Palutena. I would like to umm...Apologise for our behaviour earlier." Lucina said.

"Yeah,we wanted to see who had done a better job in the fight and we kinda got carried away." Samus replied. Palutena took a long sip from her Water of Life. Pit was amazed that she still wanted to drink that,given that earlier she seemed like she had been holding a lot of that in. She put down her glass and sighed.

"Well. It was a little umpleasant. But i'll let it slide. Just let's not argue while standing near a restroom next time." Palutena said. the two nodded and sat down.

"But you two were holding it for the entire fight? I'm impressed. Even with all the hits and how often you two stopped. You still continued the fight instead of surrendering. And i really want to applaud you two for it." Palutena said. this caused both of them to blush and smile.

"That means a lot coming from you." Lucina said.

"Hmmm....You know. We could do it again." Samus said.

"Hmmm?" Palutena raised her eyebrow.

"Another match like this. See how long you can hold in your pee during a match. Just like we did today." Samus said.

"I'd be down for that." Palutena said. Lucina stayed silent for a bit before smiling.

"Yeah,i'd be willing to participate too..." She said with a blush. Palutena looked at pit.

"Pit,can you get us some more Water of Life please?"

"Of course,Lady Palutena." The angel said as he left. The three ladies began engaging in a conversation. Talking about how they were gonna go about the match while playfully trashtalking each other. All while taking some glasses of the water. Soon in the days that followed they began doing this challenge more frequently and it seemed to bring the three closer and close together.

.....Maybe they might grow closer if this keeps up.

###

Hope the story was enjoyable. I'll admit, i struggled with the fighting scene a bit. Actually having to come up with how fights are gonna play out are something i consistently struggle with when writting these fics. Writting these interactions is fun. Writing the fight scenes themselves has my brain doing a battle of it's own.

