Desperate Dash

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-02-17 16:53

So...me and a bunch of my friends were just chilling and having fun on a Friday night and were heading for a road trip. We had a lot to eat and to drink and were having fun. One of my friends, Allison held her hands to her crouch. We knew she had to pee so my other friend, Sarah, locked the bathroom door and ran out the room with the key. "HEY!" she yelled laughing. She ran after her until finally catching her. "Give me the key."

"Nah,"

"Sarah!"

"I don't know where the key went."

"UGH you know what its fine."

We went back it the room and were talking and having fun. Allison was moaning, squeezing her muscles to hold it in. An hour passed, we kind of forgot about the pee thing and ordered coffee. We all drank it along with some ice cream. Then we got into Sarah's car for the road trip. Allison was moving her legs uncontrollably, pushing her legs against each other.

"How's that bladder coming?" I asked.

"Shut up."

"Oh crap! You should have reminded me about the bathroom thing so I can unlock the door. I'm so sorry."

"How long will we be in this car?"

"Hours."

"Crap."

"Its fine, just hold it."

We kept driving till morning. I wasn't able to even sleep due to Allison's moaning.

"I can't hold it..." she said.

"We will stop at a motel soon." said Sarah.

"Drive faster."

"This is the fastest I can go."

"Well how long is 'soon'?"

"Uh...about 40 minutes"

"40 MINUTES?!"

"Just, don't think about it!" I told her.

She squeezed her muscles really hard, and kept moving trying to keep the waterfall inside. Moan after moan, squeeze after squeeze.

"We are here!"

We had arrived at some sort of motel. Allison ran out of the car inside after getting out keys. She opened doors to try to find the bathroom. She finally found it. Barley even bothered closing the door. She tried undoing the belt as fast as possible. Half way through undoing it she continued squeezing her crouch. I saw a sprint of pee fly out as she jumped an bent down. She tried undoing the rest. A waterfall of pee comes down through her panties and pants,she bent her knees and tried to stop the pee with her hands but there was no use. She fell to the ground and I looked at the pee slowly making a puddle around her, her pants soaking, her face red, and moaning as she let the ocean out.

*003*2018-02-18 13:10

The Dark Wolf

AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAH sorry for misleading you

*006*2018-02-20 11:16

Toni Kukóc

Thanks

