Jaime’s Pride

Author: omofan5

*000*2025-09-17 20:53

Everyone has bad habits. For some people it’s chewing their nails. Other people it’s grinding their teeth. For Jaime it’s a bit different though. For as long as she could remember, her bad habit was holding in her pee as long as she could.

It wasn’t something that was very intentional, everybody needs to pee. It’s just that when she gets to the stage where most people decide to go to the toilet, Jaime holds it. And holds it…. And holds it until she can’t anymore. This has some expected consequences. It’s quite common to see Jaime potty dancing while in the middle of a conversation, or squirming on the couch while watching television. You can also find her running to the toilets, sometimes literally sprinting because if she doesn’t then she’ll soak her panties. And most people don’t know this, but if you went through Jaime’s laundry basket you would find that all of her panties, and some of her pants, have clear markings of piss stains on them. From the leaks she makes while trying to get to the bathroom in time.

And there’s more than a few times where she doesn’t make it. It’s not extremely often, but it’s enough that the people around her know about it. Most of them have accepted this as just Jaime being Jaime. Everyone’s scolded her for it, but she’s never changed. So there’s general acceptance for her odd antics.

If you asked Jaime why, she couldn’t really tell you. Why doesn’t she just go to the bathroom when she needs to? Part of it is she doesn’t see the need to interrupt whatever she’s doing. If she’s engrossed in something she wants to see it through to the end without distractions. But the other part of it is that she doesn’t mind the feeling of being desperate to pee. In fact, she enjoys it somewhat. Potty dancing isn’t embarrassing for her, it’s just something she does.

Today wasn’t much different. Jaime was out grocery shopping with her boyfriend Gabe, Jaime had been bouncing around the whole time obviously desperate to pee. Gabe didn’t say anything, but he had noticed what his girlfriend was up to. Frankly, he was conflicted about her antics. On the one hand, it was tedious cleaning up after her and having to worry about doing so much laundry. But on the other, he had to admit that there was something sexy about seeing his beautiful brunette girlfriend swaying her hips and her curvy ass around all the time. Like today, she was wearing white leggings, and if Gabe stared close enough he could see the purple panties she had on underneath.

“That should be everything right. You ready to check out?” Gabe asked Jaime, she had a look of concentration on her face that she snapped out of when she realized he asked her a question.

“Wha-oh yeah.” She said, shifting her legs together. Gabe knew she must’ve been really desperate to do this in public.

“Do you want to use the bathroom here before we leave?” Gabe asked her, causing her to blush.

“No… I’ll be fine…” Jaime insisted.

Checkout was mostly fine, the potty dancing may have picked up a bit but Jaime knew she could still make it home at this rate. But when she got to the parking lot her heart sank, the sky was dark and filled with rain clouds. Not only that, she could see that traffic had picked up now that it was around rush hour. She buckled in and hoped for the best as the rain drops began to patter against the windshield of the car. Quickly, the patter turned into a torrential pour. Jaime had both hands pressed against her crotch now as she tried to shut out the sounds of the rain. She had both eyes clenched shut as she tried to avoid watching the water run down the windows and splash on the roads.

“Are you alright babe?” Gabe asked his girlfriend. He was focused on the dangerous driving conditions but he was also worried about his girlfriend who was obviously suffering.

“I don’t know if I’ll make it…” Jaime whispered. That’s how Gabe knew it was serious. She only whispers that when she really really has to pee.

“Remember I have a towel-“ before Gabe could even finish that thought Jaime opened the glove compartment, and she yanked out a faded old gray towel. She balled it up and shoved it between her legs, pressing her crotch firmly against the balled up cotton. She sat up and put her weight firmly down on the cotton ball. This gave her some relief.

“I can make it… I can make it…” she whispered to herself. But the constant sounds of rain and the movement of the car made that all so difficult. She groaned as she continued to grind her crotch against the balled up cotton towel. Suddenly, the car jerked.

“Sorry, the rain is making the road slippery.” Gabe told her. But Jaime was distracted. She had lost control when the car jerked. And not just a leak, fully lost control. She had to shove a hand between the towel and her leggings. She could feel how much piss she released, enough to fully engulf her hand in warmth and soak it. The pressure helped to keep the rest of her piss in for the moment, but the wet feeling made her desperation increase.

Jaime couldn’t tell how much she leaked during the car ride, the towel was soaked along with the crotch of her leggings. The leggings were already see through, and her tanned skin and purple panties were clearly visible as the wet fabric clung tightly to her skin.

“Can you make it inside?” Gabe asked as he parked the car in the driveway. The rain was still pounding and being parked made the sound even worse.

“Yes… I can make it…please give me the keys…” Jaime whined. She grabbed the keys from Gabe then began to rush to get herself out of the car and into the house as fast as possible. But as soon as she stepped out of the car, the piss began flowing once more. It came on fast and heavy, Gabe watched as the wet patch on his girlfriend's white leggings went from covering a bit of her ass to all of it, before waterfalling down the back of her legs. They became translucent, and the purple panties she had underneath were on full display. Jaime ended up only making it as far as the front door. She emptied the entirety of her bladder in her leggings before she could even put the key in the lock.

These sorts of accidents happened now and again for Jaime, and she didn’t let it bother her too much. Of course she got cleaned up right afterwards, and then decided to change into some pajamas. She wore a pair of flannel pajama shorts that hugged her ass tightly. Along with a new pair of pink panties underneath, and a spaghetti strap tank top without a bra. It was normal for her to walk around the house like this in the evenings, and Gabe never once complained about the sight. Especially when his girlfriend inevitably became desperate to pee, usually not long after dinner.

Even though she had an accident earlier, Jaime didn’t change her routine one bit. She was already borderline bursting to pee before dinner, and during dinner she decided to have two glasses of wine. Gabe noticed this but decided not to comment. Afterwards, they went to the couch to eat ice cream and watch TV together. The whole time, Jaime was squirming around, her hands sneaking between her thick thighs up against her crotch. This caused her shorts to ride up, exposing more of her curvy behind to her boyfriend as he paid more attention to this than whatever reality show was on the television.

“Hey, you spilled some ice cream on your shorts.” Gabe told his girlfriend. Noticing some of the vanilla ice cream dripped onto his girlfriend's legs.

“Crap, looks like I did.” Jaime stood up tentatively. Gabe noticed her wobble a bit, as her legs were still firmly pressed together. She still hadn’t said anything about needing to pee, but she never did. Gabe thought Jaime would take this opportunity to go to the bathroom, and change out of her shorts. Instead, she simply pulled the shorts down, and kicked them off her feet. Gabe immediately noticed a large wet patch on the front of Jaime’s panties. It wasn’t massive, but she had definitely been leaking a good amount. Still, Jaime just sat right back down. She shoved her hands back between her legs and went right back to watching the show like nothing had changed.

Gabe could tell his girlfriend was getting to the verge of wetting herself, but still she refused to get up. Her face was twisted in frustration. She was biting her lip and even let out a whine and a groan here and there as she adjusted and readjusted to find relief for her aching bladder. Still, she remained focused on the television.

“Babe… you should probably go to the bathroom soon.” Gabe suggested to his girlfriend. She seemed shocked by this, as if she was trying to hide her obvious need.

“I’m fine… I’ll go next commercial break…” she told him, blushing hard and digging her hands even further into her crotch.

The last commercial break just ended, and Gabe honestly didn’t believe his girlfriend could hold out that long. But he couldn’t force her to go. He would just have to watch. And Gabe watched closely as Jaime fought against her bladder to maintain control for just a few more minutes. Eventually, sitting down wasn’t even an option anymore. Jaime stood up, but still didn’t move any closer to the toilet. She was doing a full potty dance around the room, twisting her legs into pretzels and hopping in place. The whole time her eyes were still fixed on the TV. Gabe looked closely and noticed her eyes were becoming cloudy with tears forming, she had to go so bad but she knew she only had to last a few more minutes.

Finally, the channel cut to commercial. Normally in moments like this, Jaime runs straight to the toilet, but this time was different. Gabe knew what was happening as soon as Jaime didn’t move. All she did was stand there. And then, the flood. Piss came pouring out of her in what seemed like all directions. The thin layer of panties absorbed all they could, but it only took a few seconds for them to get completely saturated. The rest of her piss ran down her legs in long, hissing rivers. It fell directly onto the hardwood floor beneath her, in a loud drumming noise reminiscent of the rainstorm the couple was caught in earlier. Jaime had her back turned to Gabe, and he could watch as the piss cascaded down her legs. Jaime became completely soaked, and she was standing in a gigantic puddle of her own creation.

Gabe offered to clean up the puddle, as Jaime took another shower. This time she stared at her ass in the mirror, still covered in her sopping panties. She peeled them off slowly, exposing her wet cheeks and pussy, soaked in piss for the second time today, to the cold air. She turned on the shower, and got in to once again clean herself off.

Gabe finished cleaning up the puddle, then he got on his phone. He was shopping for something, and he didn’t mind paying overnight shipping for it. He had an idea on how to solve this problem. The only question was if Jaime would go along with it!

