Breaking The Seal

Author: omofan5

*000*2025-01-17 21:43

At this point Sarah was an experienced partygoer. As a senior in college and a member of a sorority, she’s been to countless parties. She knows which frats are cool and which ones are filled with weirdos, she knows how to mix jungle juice and how to tell if a drink is safe. She’s a hardened veteran of numerous ragers, dages, and theme nights. And if there’s one thing Sarah knows about, it’s breaking the seal.

When one is drinking alcohol, the body naturally produces more urine through the suppression of the hormone vasopressin. Due to this hormone being inhibited, the body is unable to properly regulate its fluid intake and outtake, and the alcohol acts as a diuretic making you urinate more.

Sarah understood all of this on an anatomical level, her being a biology major after all. But she also had personal experience, and that of her friends. And while she knew that holding your pee in isn’t good for you, it’s almost necessary while doing heavy drinking. Because once you “Break The Seal” and go to the bathroom, you will be running back nonstop.

She sees it all the time, especially with freshmen who don’t know any better. Girls standing in the line for the bathroom, getting out, and then immediately getting back in line. Sometimes they’ll try holding it, but once the seal has been broken it can’t be resealed. Usually those girls just end up pissing so loud you can hear it outside the bathroom door. Or, rarely but it does happen, they’ll have an accident. There’s been more than a few times Sarah helped a teary eyed freshman escape from the party in a pair of piss soaked jeans. In fact, it was happening at this very party.

“I-I just couldn’t hold it… I’m so sorry y’all…” the poor country girl hiccuped. She’d obviously had too much to drink, and could barely stand as Sarah and another sorority sister helped her into her friend's car. Giving her a bottle of water and telling her to get home safe and get to bed.

“Ugh, these freshmen. Ridiculous.” Sarah’s friend and sorority sister Megan said.

“Cmon Megan. You’re acting like you’ve never pissed your pants while drunk.” Sarah laughed.

“What?!? I don’t.. I mean!” Megan defended herself. “I mean a few times just back at the house but-“

“Wait a few times?” Sarah laughed. “I only knew about the one time when you laughed so hard at Shrek 2 that you pissed yourself on Maddie K’s bed!”

“I….“ Megan searched hard for some defense, but it wasn’t coming. Instead she just shook her head and went back inside.

As she went, Sarah watched her backside, not just because Megan’s ass is huge, but because Sarah could’ve sworn she saw a dark patch on her jeans. Probably just imagining things. Sarah wasn’t wearing any jeans. She was wearing a little black dress and she was freezing her petite ass off standing out here so she decided to go back inside as well.

Inside the party was still raging. It would be going for another few hours, and Sarah prepared herself for more drinking, dancing, and flirting with the cute boys from the hosting frat. She grabbed another can of vodka seltzer from the cooler, and she felt her bulging and aching bladder as she knelt down to grab it.

“I’ll be fine. I’ll go near the end that way when I have to go again hopefully I’ll be home.” Sarah thought. These sorts of thoughts were always risky. And even though she teased Megan for it earlier, Sarah has definitely had her fair share of accidents as well. She figured it just comes with being a college girl who partied hard, and it’s not even the end of the world when it happens. The worst part about it is doing laundry the next day.

Still, she wasn’t planning on pissing her panties tonight, and despite how much her bladder may scream and moan she wasn’t pissing any time soon.

The next time she saw Megan though, she was in a different boat. This time Sarah saw her in line for the bathroom. Megan had both hands between her legs and even though the lights were dim she could now see the clear wet patch on the back of her friend's jeans.

“Oh look who’s here.” Sarah giggled when she walked up to her friend. Megan just rolled her eyes.

“It’s not funny, fuck I have to pee so bad!” Megan whined.

“What, you mean you didn’t already?” Sarah asked.

“No I…” Megan trailed off, then she pressed her hands tighter against her crotch and danced around a bit. She began to whisper to herself. “No….no….fuck… nooooo”

Sarah watched closely as the wet patch blossomed on Megan’s jeans. In half a second it went from barely noticeable on the front to down her legs and puddling on the floor. The amount of piss Megan was holding had to be enormous. She kept going for a long time, Sarah couldn’t tell you exactly how long, because she was lost in laughter.

She found it so ironic how her friend was making fun of a freshman earlier for pissing her jeans, and now she was doing the same! Sarah just couldn’t contain her laughter, she was almost hunched over and couldn’t breathe, that is until she felt a hot jet of piss run down her leg. Now it was Sarah’s turn to clench her crotch, pushing her legs together as fast as possible. Her laughter now stopped and it was Megan’s turn to say something.

“I guess it’s time to leave huh?” She said, examining her piss soaked jeans which were absolutely drenched. Every step she took you could hear her socks squish in her shoes. But Sarah wasn’t close enough behind her to hear. Sarah was waddling. Every movement had to be crucial. She wanted to at least make it out of the house first. She knew what was coming. She knew it was inevitable. So she just had to power through it for a few more seconds. Just until the door.

She couldn’t do it. Sarah lost control right in the entrance area. Unlike the freshman and Megan, she wasn’t wearing jeans. That means that the piss flowed more freely. It ran down her legs in rivers, hissing loudly and pounding the tile beneath her with the pitter patters of falling piss. She just stood there, legs spread, letting her body do what it needed to do as some horny freshmen frat boys who were on door duty watched slackjawed at the beautiful girl in a tight dress with slender legs euphorically pissing her panties in front of them.

“Sorry about that one guys. Tell Mike I’ll Venmo him for the cleanup.” She told them. Just before she walked through the door, she rolled her dress up a bit and let them see her pissy baby blue pantie clinging tight to her ass and pussy. This got her a few cheers and she met with a pissy Megan on the sidewalk outside.

“Show off.” Megan teased.

“Just a bit, fuck it’s freezing out here. Thank god we live down the street.” Sarah said.

“Wanna know something crazy?” Megan asked. “I need to piss again.”

“Are you serious?” Sarah asked. “Well might as well just piss yourself again. Those jeans are already going in the wash.”

Megan took that advice, and once again the piss began to flow down her legs, there wasn’t much to see as her jeans were already pretty soaked, but you could see the streams flowing off the cuffs of her jeans.

They made it halfway down the block when Sarah realized that she needed to go again too. But she thought she might have fun with this one.

“Hey you know who has a huge piss fetish? Dan T.” Sarah said.

“No way, really?” Megan asked. “He lives around here right?I had no idea. He seems like the type though.”

“Hey what’s that mean?” Sarah asked.

“I mean he’s your type. That’s what I mean. You like those weirdo guys.” Megan teased.

“It’s not weird, it’s cute, like watch this it’s gonna be so funny.” She pulled out her phone and began FaceTiming Dan. He picked up and she immediately began talking.

“Ohmygod thank thank thank you please can I come over I really really need to piss and I’m right outside.” Sarah screamed at the phone.

“Ugh… oh what yeah sure hold on I’ll get the door.” Dan said and hung up. Sarah ran over to Dan’s front door and prepared for the show.

Once he opened the door, he saw his crush, Sarah, standing there. She had her dress rolled up again, and her legs spread, and her soaking wet blue panties on display. And standing there in that gorgeous outfit Dan saw the girl of his dreams piss her panties right in front of him. He couldn’t tell if he was still dreaming.

Sarah looked back at Megan who rolled her eyes. She pointed down the street to let Sarah know she’s heading home. Sarah was going to be spending the night with Dan, who was realizing this was real, and his pajama pants felt a little more tight.

