The longest hour

Author: omoaniomorash

*000*2025-04-20 04:52

Emma glanced at her watch as she flushed the toilet. 9:00 AM—perfect timing. Feeling relieved and refreshed, she adjusted her skirt, washed her hands, and left her apartment, prepared for a busy day of errands and meetings.

By 9:30 AM, Emma stopped at her favorite café, ordering a large latte to kick-start her morning. The warmth felt comforting as she sipped, the caffeine quickly working its magic. Half an hour later, feeling slightly parched from the morning rush, she drank a small bottle of mineral water.

At precisely 11:00 AM, she entered her office building, rushing to catch an important meeting. Before entering the conference room, she felt a slight twinge—a mild indication her bladder was slowly beginning to fill again. Ignoring it, Emma poured herself a glass of fresh orange juice provided at the meeting table, hoping the vitamins might boost her energy levels.

By 11:45 AM, during a lengthy presentation, Emma noticed her bladder had grown noticeably heavier. The pressure was subtle at first, a soft, internal whisper, but rapidly intensifying. It was as if a balloon had started inflating slowly inside her abdomen, gently nudging against the walls of her pelvis. She shifted discreetly in her seat, crossing one leg over the other to suppress the uncomfortable sensation.

When the meeting concluded at noon, Emma quickly stood up, realizing suddenly how much more urgent her need had become. Her bladder felt taut, bloated with liquid that sloshed slightly when she moved. It was no longer a soft reminder—it was a pressing demand.

Determined to maintain professionalism, she decided to wait until she was done speaking with her manager, assuring herself that it would only take a minute. But the minute stretched into a twenty-minute discussion about upcoming projects. Throughout the conversation, her thighs pressed together involuntarily, trying to hold back the increasing pressure of her rapidly swelling bladder. Emma's pulse quickened slightly, and her breathing became shallower.

At 12:30 PM, finally free, Emma briskly walked toward the restrooms down the hall—only to find a janitor placing a bright yellow "Closed for Cleaning" sign in front of the door. She internally cursed her luck, anxiety mounting as her bladder contracted painfully, sending sharp jolts through her lower abdomen. Her situation was growing dire—her full bladder now felt like a heavy water balloon, straining against her internal muscles, begging urgently for release.

Desperate but forced to endure, Emma left the building, deciding to hurry home. The midday traffic proved torturous. Every bump and pothole intensified her discomfort. Her bladder, now excruciatingly full, felt as though it were stretched to the absolute limit, each jolt threatening disaster. She gripped the steering wheel tightly, biting her lip to suppress the moans that threatened to escape.

At 1:10 PM, sweat trickled down her temples as she parked hurriedly in front of her apartment building. Her lower belly felt bloated, tense, and rigid. Each step was cautious, careful, her thighs trembling slightly from the sheer effort of holding back. At the elevator, she punched the button repeatedly, her heart racing.

Finally inside her apartment, at 1:15 PM, Emma nearly ran towards her bathroom, fumbling desperately with the buttons of her skirt. The pressure was unbearable, an overwhelming ache demanding immediate relief. As soon as she sat down, the floodgates opened uncontrollably, releasing hours' worth of liquid. The intense relief surged through her body like electricity, muscles relaxing as the unbearable tension drained out of her bladder.

Emma exhaled deeply, finally free from the agonizing pressure that had controlled her every thought. She glanced again at her watch. It had been over four hours—a painfully long journey she vowed never to repeat.

