Accidents will happen

Author: OmoScripter

*000*2025-05-03 08:56

From: [redacted]

To: [redacted]

Subject: Fw: Accidents will happen

This message is a reminder that bladder problems are common, and that everyone has the occasional accident.

There’s no need to feel bad about this. Accidents will happen.

I’m going to tell you a story. A story about a woman named Mariella.

Mariella was a good girl, who always made it to the toilet on time.

Well, almost always. Because, despite the best of intentions, accidents will happen. And this is a story of how accidents can happen to anyone.

On this particular day, Mariella was at a bar with a dance floor. She’d had a couple of drinks, and was feeling a little bit tipsy.

There was a girl on the dance floor who was dancing like no one was watching. She had long brown hair, and was wearing a pair of grey and black leggings.

At least, that was what Mariella first thought. Then she saw part of the grey turn black, and drops of liquid falling from her leggings.

The girl was having an accident. She was wetting herself.

Someone whispered in the girl’s ear. Mariella didn’t hear it, but it was obvious what was said from the girl’s response.

“Yes I’ve pissed myself. So what? Accidents will happen”

These words had a profound effect on Mariella, though she did not know it. She got up and went to get herself another drink.

Mariella sipped her new drink as the girl’s words affected her. Subconsciously, Mariella knew what was about to happen, but consciously, she remained blissfully unaware of her rapidly filling bladder.

Presently she heard the pitter patter of liquid dripping onto the floor. She looked down, and her mouth opened in surprise. Liquid was running out of the bottom of her jeans.

Mariella was having an accident.

Mariella found she was unconcerned about this. In fact, the feeling was almost pleasant. She looked around for the girl in the leggings. She was nowhere to be seen, but Mariella heard an echo of her words.

“Accidents will happen”

The lesson here is that anyone - even you - can have an accident. And it’s OK. You don’t need to feel bad about yourself for having an accident.

Including the accident you are about to have.

That’s right.

Like Mariella, you are going to have an accident. After all, accidents will happen.

Your bladder has been filling while you’ve been reading this message. And though you are not aware of it, it needs to be released.

It’s OK. Accidents will happen. And you are about to have an accident.

Go ahead. It’s not your fault. It wouldn’t be an accident if you could control it.

You can’t stop it. Don’t try to stop it. Just pee yourself.

Accidents will happen. You are having an accident.

And you will keep having accidents until you forward this message to ten people.

Because either you, or the people you forward this to, are going to have accidents.

Accidents will happen.

————

Hey guys, I didn’t think there was anything in this, but I’ve pissed myself three times since yesterday and I’ve had enough. Sorry, but I’m not taking one for the team.

