The Shiny,Beautitful and desperate (Elesa (Pokemon))

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-03-01 16:18

Story suggested by @Grenn34

&&

The bright rays of the setting sun shined on a woman standing in front of a window. This woman was the beloved Gym-Leader; Elesa.

"Miss Elesa,The show will start shortly!" Someone said through the door. Elesa placed an empty cup on her desk and dusted herself of. Today was another busy night for her. First order of business, Her usual fashion show. She exited her room and began following the manager through the hallway. An Emolga landed on her shoulder and brushed her face against her cheek, eliciting a smile from the model. a Zebstrika was walking right behind her.

Upon leaving the hallway, she was immediately greeted by the sight of many people cheering for her and flashing her with camera lights. Years of this had prepared her eyes for such things but it still caused her to flinch occasionally. She continued to strut confidently while the cameras flashed and the screams of fangirls and fanboys alike reached her ears.

Eventually, She made it into a changing room.

"Ah,Happy to see you Miss Elesa! We've got quite the selection today!" The man said as he motioned Elesa to come over. She took one of the outfits and headed behind a screen to change. The Emolga and Zebstrika followed her behind the screen.

"You know a lady's got to have her privacy." Elesa jokingly said. Emolga jumped up and down and allowed her trainer to return it to it's Poké-ball. The Zebstrika approached her and was returned to its pokeball too. She took off her usually duds and began changing into the outfit she was gonna show off first. But it wasn't until she put on the pants that she had noticed something concerning.

The pants were a little tight. Which wasn't a huge deal. It wasn't the first time she had worn form fitting clothes and she's had several years to learn how to tune out those who would make more perverted comments. But the way the pants were squeezing her abdomen brought one thing to her attention....

...Her bladder was starting to fill and she hadn't noticed how much until now. And it amazed her just how much stronger the need had become once she had noticed. She put on her shirt and buttoned it up, pushing trying to ignore the need like she had done before she noticed. This wasn't the first time she had to hold it in during a performance.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! HERE'S THE MOMENT YOU'VE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR! THE SHINING BEAUTY HERSELF.....ELESA!!!!" The announcer on the speaker said. The cheering was immediate. The curtains had opened and Elesa began confidently strutting forward with confidence like she had always done. Once she reached the edge of the runway, she struck a pose. Living up to her title, She seemed to shine brightly as the audience cheered for every pose she struck.

Her Emolga landed on her shoulder and began posing too, resulting in a few "Awws" and "that's cute!" from the audience. Elesa turned around and strutted back to the curtains, the audience cheering loudly at her while she disappeared from camera-view.

She returned to her screen and began changing into the next outfit. Much like the previous outfit, it was a little tight. And that tightness only sent another signal to the models brain, one that she was trying to ignore right now. So the she did and finished putting on her next outfit. She returned to the runway once more. She continued the pattern of strutting across the runway, striking a few poses while shinning brightly and then returning to the curtains to change into her next outfit. The cheering from the audience filling with more confidence and helping her keep her mind of off the need that was slowly but surely building up inside her.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Miss Elesa! You're doing amazing!" One of the staff said as Elesa returned to the screen to change into her next outfit.

"Thank you! I do my best to give everyone the show of their lives." Elesa said with a bright smile as she returned to her screen. She began changing once more and put on the next and final outfit. She put on the pants and that twinge came back once more. Elesa winced as she buttoned up the pants again. Maybe it was just due to the brand, but all over these clothes seemed to be a bit on the form fitting side. Which; again, wasn't a problem for her. But everytime she would put something on, she would feel that annoying pang in her bladder that was starting to become more and more difficult to ignore as the minutes went by.

"Emolga!"

"Huh?" Elesa looked down at the Emolga trying to get her attention. She seemed to be worried.

"Y-Yeah,i'm fine. These clothes are a little tight. But it's nothing i can't handle." Elesa said as she smiled back at her Pokémon. But then she realized something.

"H-Hey. What did i say about privacy?" She said as she stared at her Pokémon in mock-annoyance. The Emolga sheepishly backed away and left her alone. She felt another twinge going through her body, causing her to subconsciously lift up one of her legs and rub her thighs.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Thank you! Thank you ladies and gentlemen! i hope i've been able to brighten up your night!" Elesa said with a bright smile. Her body once again shinning. The fan boys and fan girls cheered and many Pokemon chanted their name as she and her Emolga left the stage.

"Stick around ladies and gentlemen! The press conference will begin!" The announcer said as Elesa returned backstage.

She returned back to the screen and changed back into her usual outfit. Once she finished putting on the outfit, she took a deep breath and crossed her legs.

The contents of her bladder had become a bigger and bigger concern and by the time the fashion show was over, she was starting to have a difficult time completely ignoring it.

"Emolga?"

"Yeah, i'm fine. I just need to powder my nose real quickly." Elese said to her Emolga. Zebstrika brushed it's head against the model and caused her to giggle. She grabbed her Poke-balls and returned the Emolga and Zebstrika to them. She stepped away from the screen and began marching towards a specific door. The bathroom door. She had a few minutes before the press conference, if she could just relieve herself before then.....

...Her body lighted up as she got closer and closer to the door, but her smile disappeared when she saw one of the workers in the bathroom. He had placed a sign in front of the door and upon looking up, he noticed the model starring at him in shock.

"Sorry Ma'am, The bathroom is currently out of order. Apparently someone's haunter managed to sneak in here and decided to toy around with the plumbing." The worker said.

"A...A Haunter?" Elesa said as she blinked owlishly.

"Yep. Some trainer failed to keep an eye out on their ghost it seems. i'm sorry for the inconvenience." The worker said and returned to work.

Elesa let out a sigh and stepped away from the bathroom door.

"Ok,The press conference shouldn't take that long. I'm sure they'll have it repaired by the time everything is over." Elesa said with a smile. One that was noticeably more forced than her usual ones.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

The press conference went like any other. Sit down, deal with all the flashing cameras and their noises. and answer all the questions the press had for the model.

She had done this song and dance several times and as a result, it didn't take very long for her to grow bored of it. Which made ignoring her current predicament all the more difficult. The public couldn't see it because she was sitting behind a table that had a Emolga and Elesa themed cover, But she was shifting her legs and rubbing her thighs while on her seat.

And with her bladder constantly urging her to take care of business, it felt like the conference was going on for much longer than it was.

"Is everything alright, Miss Elesa? You're looking a little tense." One of the interviewers asked, Causing Elesa to straighten herself and put on a happy face.

"Yes, of course! I'm just feeling a little exhausted after a long day." Elesa said.

"But not to exhausted for tonight's exhibition match, right?" The reporter asked. Elesa did a double take and stared at the reporter with a confused look.

"We've heard that there's a new trainer around these parts looking for a new gym badge. You're up for the task right?" The reporter asked.

"O-Of course! I hope the rollercoasters didn't make him to dizzy. Cause i'm gonna be giving them a show that they'll never forget tonight!" Elesa said with a smile. The crowd cheered for her while more cameras flashed.

"And that wraps it up for tonight's conference everyone! Miss Elesa, is there anything you would like to say to close tonight's conference?" The announcer asked.

"Yeah, remember that no matter who you are or where you're from. Everyone can make it big if they keep trying!" She said as she got and walked away from the table. Once again she listened to the cheers of the crowd. Unfortunately, the feeling of hype she would usually get from these cheers was currently being drowned out by how badly she needed to go. And a few members of the crowd noticed how stiff her walk had been. She entered in a limo and she soon drove back to where her upcoming battle would take place.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Oh Arceus, how did i forget about this?!" Elesa said nervously to herself as she and her crew made their way to the battle arena using one of the many coasters scattered around the building. She was holding onto dear life. She may have been wearing seatbelts, but seatbelts did not help when it came to holding in pee.

Through the whole ride, she kept her hands pressed between her thighs as she looked nervously to see if her crew was looking at her. once the ride came to a stop, she hastily got out and looked around.

"Is everything alright, Elesa?" One of the crew members asked.

"Y-Yeah, i'm fine." She said as she continued her walk. Emolga tailed behind her and took notice of her strained facial expression. The Sky Squirrel Pokémon had been eyeing her the entire night (Whenever the trainer allowed her out of her Poké-ball.) and had quickly taken note of what was going on.

Elesa could already hear the crowd cheering, causing her to feel nervous for the first time in quite a while. She took a deep breath and looked at Emolga, who began jumping up and down and trying to push her back.

"Are you feeling nervous? Don't worry. It'll just be a quick match and we'll be...Argh..." Elesa said as she stiffened up and crossed her legs. She looked around to see if anyone had caught her awkward movements and took a deep breath before slowly strutting towards the light were the audience was waiting for her. She made her way through the runway and waved at the crowd, striking several poses for them and eliciting more cheers from them. However, these poses were a bit different. They seemed a lot less flashy and in some of these face was visibly strained. But such details were quickly ignored when they heard the announcer speaking and pointing the spotlight towards the trainer she was gonna be fighting tonight.

"Ok...take a deep breath. I'm going to get through this...." Elesa said to herself. However, Emolga looked concerned for her trainer.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Oh! What a strike! Will Emolga still be able to continue after this?" The announcer said as Emolga got up after being launched against the wall by the opposing Pokémon.

Elesa gritted her teeth and looked at the little rodent Pokémon with a worried face. She wasn't necessarily worried about losing, as she didn't exactly have a perfect record (Some trainers had to get their badges somehow). But she had a hard time focusing because of how much agony her bladder was causing her right now. Pokémon Trainers tend to be very flashy and dynamic when it comes to commanding their Pokémon and Elesa was not an exception. But in her current predicament, Each movement caused more of a strain that always resulted in her stiffening up and taking a second to focus all her energy into making sure she didn't wet herself in front of the audience.

"Emolga! Come back!" Elesa said as she returned the Pokémon to it's trainer. She then sent out Zebstrika who first looked at it's trainer with what seemed to be worry.

"Zebstrika,use Double kick!" Elesa said. Zebstrika looked away from it's trainer and did as it was told. The audience continued to watch as the fight seemed to be going in the upcoming trainer's favor.

"Wow,Do you think she's going easy on them?" One fangirl asked.

"I dunno. Something looks off about her today." A guy holding a camera asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Look at how strained she looks."

"Yeah, come to think of it. She seems to be struggling to pose."

"She seems to be struggling in this fight period. That Zebstrika missed another attack just now."

"Look at the way she's wiggling her hips though...."

"Do you think she might have to bust out...THAT Pokémon?"

The murmuring continued as the model gave increasingly more strained commands to her Thunderbolt Pokémon. Unfortunately for her, the trainer was able to defeat her Zebstrika too.

'Zebstrika, Come back!" She said as she called her Pokemon back. She grabbed another Pokemon and exhaled. Trying her hardest to ignore the dam that was threatening to break lose on that very stage.

"Woah, what's with her?"

"She looks frustrated."

"Is she about to summon him?"

"Oh! She's gonna do it! She's going to send out that Pokemon!"

The raised her hand and threw the Pokeball with full force. She placed her hand on her hip and quickly crossed her legs, trying to play it off like she was just posing.

A Tynamo came out of the Pokeball and began flying around at high speed.

"Tynamo! Use tackle!" The model trainer said as the Pokémon went in for the blow. It struck the opposing Pokémon with full force and sent it flying into a wall. This caught the young trainer by surprise, But their Pokemon got back up and began dodging the relentless tackles. The audience watched in suspense as the young trainer pondered their next move.

Their next move was one that Elesa was familiar with, but still caught her off guard. The Pokémon struck the ground and caused a bunch of dust to scatter around the Arena, Blinding the Tyname and allowing the opposing Pokémon to strike back the Tynamo with a powerful attack. The Tynamo crashed against the wall and left a dent before falling into the ground and struggling to get back up.

"T-Tynamo.....Agh!" Elesa said as she crossed her legs and gritted her teeth. Under normal circumstances, such a quick defeat would've been seen as embarrassing. But in this case, she considered it somewhat of a blessing in disguise. She pulled out her Pokeball and called the Elefish Pokémon back.

"Ladies and Gentlemen. We have a surprising winner tonight! Give a warm applause for tonight's upcoming Pokémon master!" The announcer said. The crowd as surprised but quickly began clapping for the equally surprised trainer.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Here you go, i would like to proudly give you this gym badge from yours truly." Elesa said with a bright smile. The trainer took it and showed it off to the crowd.

"How do you feel about the loss? Elesa?" The reporter asked. Noticing her she was bobbing her body up and down. Something that the reporter found...oddly mesmerizing.

"I don't think it's a big deal, we all have one of those days were we can't give it our all and reach for the stars we want." She said. She took at the young trainer and placed a hand on their shoulder.

"Just keep up with how you've been doing today and you will become a Pokémon Master in no time!" Elesa said. The young trainer blushed and the crowed cheered for her once more. Suddenly, was lifted from the ground by her Zebstrika and placed on her back. Elesa crossed her legs and looked at her Pokémon, Didn't she put her back in her Pokeball?

"Ladies and Gentlemen. That ends tonight's exhibition match! Thank you for coming tonight and we hope to see you next time!" The announcer said. Elesa, the young trainer and her Pokémon all posed for the flashing camera's and the cheering crowd.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Ahh! Please! Slow down...Ngh!" Elesa said as she hold onto her Zebstrika like her life depended on it. As soon as the match as over and they were backstage, The Pokemon immediately bolted with it's trainer in tow, in search of somewhere for her trainer to relieve herself. She stopped in front of a door with a drawing of a female stick in front of it. Elesa looked back and forth between her Pokémon and the toilet door. In one second, she got off her steed-like Pokemon and barged into the restroom. She went to the nearest stall and locked the door while trying to lift her dress up

She stood over the squat toilet and hastily pulled down her leggings. With the waist of them at her knees, she yanked down her panties and squatted over the toilet. She spread her legs slightly to get into a more comfortable position, but by the time her rear was hovering over the toilet bowl, the dam had broken lose.

A strong stream of urine came out of her body, eliciting a gasp from the model. the stream continued and she soon relaxed and let out a moan.

"Haaaah~ Oooooooh!!!!!! Yes!!!!!! Oooooh,Sweet Relief...." Elesa moaned as she emptied her bladder into the squat toilet. She closed her eyes and relaxed as the sound of her pee splashing against the water began echoing through the room.

"Emolga!"

"Huh?" She turned around and saw her Emolga giggling"

&&

"H-Hey! Turn around. I had to go real badly!" Elesa said with a blush. Emolga turned around crawled out of the bathroom stall. Elesa let out another sigh as she starred at the bathroom floor in front of her.

All the stress she had endured during her night had completely melted away now and was replaced with a feeling of euphoria as she continued to empty her bladder.

Soon the stream slowed down to a trickle and eventually stopped completely. Elesa reached for some toilet paper and used it to wipe herself. She was surprised she made it through that without any leaks, but she wasn't complaining. After washing her hands and leaving the restroom, she looked at her Pokémon with a genuine smile.

"Thanks for the help." She said as she patted her Zebstrika. Who nuzzled her head against her in response. Emolga hopped on her shoulder and hugged her too.

"C'mon. Let's check on the crew so let them know were okay. After that,let's go rest." She said to her pokemon as they followed her down the hallway back to the backstage.

That picture at the end,i took it from here: https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/19101-19572f16c180aca4f097ce2bf91b4797/

. Hope you guys enjoyed the story.

