I'm accepting suggestions. - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-09-21 11:44

For the few people that read my stories right now,i only have a few ideas left at the moment. so if you guys have any suggestions,i'd love to hear them. there are a few things i need to note: 

1. All of my stories are based off video games. i'm mostly familiar with the franchises that represented in Smash Bros (Like Mario,Zelda,Splatoon,Ect.) 

2. I'm mostly into "Just made it" stories or stories where someone has to pee in something other than a toilet. 

You can leave a comment here or you can message me. 

*003*2020-09-21 18:54

{{4 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said: 

I'd like to see a Metal Gear Solid fic with a captured female being desperate to pee(I.E. Meryl). 

}}

I think i can try this one. i have some knowledge of Metal Gear. 

{{2 hours ago, DespLover9021 said: 

Ellie from the first last of us game gets separated from Joel and is captured and taken hostage and has been desperate to pee since she got separated from Joel. 

}}

{{45 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said: 

Also as my username suggests i'm a big fan of the Life is Strange video game series and i'd love to see the female characters in the first game and Before the Storm in a desperate situation, maybe Max has a vision of her and Chloe wetting themselves and tries to use her powers to stop it, only for them to end up in a desperate situation anyways. 

}}

I'm not sure if i'll be able to do these two as i'm not really familiar with The Last of Us or Life is Strange. 

*004*2020-09-28 11:35

Okay,i'm currently working on @LifeIsStrange's Metal Gear suggestion. 

But for future reference i'm going to place a list here of the franchises i'm most familiar with. (And like i said at the start of this thread,i'm mostly into nintendo franchises): 

I'm familiar with: 

Super Mario Bros,Donkey Kong,The legend of Zelda, Metroid (a little bit),Fire Emblem Awakening,Kid Icarus,Pikmin,Animal Crossing,Wii Fit,Metal Gear (again,a little),Sonic,Super Smash Bros,ARMS,Banjo Kazooie, Rayman,Undertale,Shovel Knight,Crash (the original trilogy). 

I'm willing to try franchises outside of this list, But i will have to do quite a bit of research first... 

*008*2021-07-04 15:12

{{1 hour ago, Binu said: 

Pokemon: Delia wetting infront of Ash or just a Delia fiction in general cause there enough Delia fiction out there. Would really appreciate if you do it mate. 

}}

I'm willing to write a story with her. But i'm not really into wetting,so i'm not sure i would have to story end like that. 

*014*2022-11-11 19:36

{{21 hours ago, felipeaugustom said: 

How about lanolin the sheep from the comics of the sonic series? (just made it) ? 

}}

I'm not really sure i'd be able to do that, as i myself am not very familiar with a lot of the IDW Sonic Characters. 

But if i can give you a recommendation. @Awsometime made a story about her. 

$/71857-lanolins-leaking-lake-idw-sonic-the-hedgehog/

{{5 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said: 

I'd like to see a story of the wii fit female trainer teaching a class while also holding a full bladder. 

}}

I actually made a story about that a few years ago. 

$/49660-need-to-wii-wii-fit-trainer/

*017*2022-11-11 22:43

{{1 hour ago, Lyonsheart said: 

So the SMG4 videos doesn't count technically? 

}}

I personally don't. 

