A Soaking Revenge

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-06-03 13:43

(This is not a real story, it's kind of a roleplay and fiction in case you are wondering)

Hi, my name is Alli! My best friend, Emily recently told me about this site since we are both pretty into omorashi. Here is a little backstory: One time while Emily was desperate to use the bathroom I took the key after locking the door so she couldn't enter just to tease her. I noticed a couple spurts from her as she begged me to let her enter, so I walked over to the door to try to unlock it. BUUUT...I fell and the key slipped through the door crack, into the bathroom. I spend the next 10 minutes trying to get it out. I DID IT....after Emily wet herself. I apologized so many times, BUT clearly, she still wants revenge.

So, today I was sitting on my couch scrolling through different shows on Netflix. I heard a "ding" and opened my phone to see whats up. It was a text from Emily.

Emily:

I'm still mad at you for what you did four days ago...

Alli:

Look, I'm so sorry. I didn't think you were that desperate!

Emily:

Yeah, I know. But I still want revenge soo...

Alli:

Fine, what?

Emily:

Hold on I'm coming to your house.

Alli:

K.

I'm not gonna lie, I was pretty nervous. I knew she was going to do something horrible. After all, I was pretty responsible for her soaked pants and thighs. Before I knew it, I heard the doorbell. I ran over to open for her. "Hey," I told her.

"Hey,"

"So...you wanna get revenge?"

"Yep. The worst."

"What is it?" I asked her. She pulled out a bunch of locks and chains and keys and...I don't even know. "Uhh...what do you need that for?"

"You'll see," she said as she walked into my living room.

"Okay, so I'm going to have to go in a bit so sadly I don't get to see the damage in person. I'm going to tie three chains with locks around your waist so that you can't remove your pants." She walked over to my freezer and grabbed the ice rack and started filling it up with water. "One of the keys will be in one of these ice cubes. That's the one that unlocks the blue lock. There are three keys in there but only one will unlock it. You will have to wait for them to melt then unlock the chain. The second key is the one that unlocks the green one. It's in that one weird bush near my house. You know which one?'

"Yeah but..."

"Okay good. The third key is buried in one of your flower pots outside."

"WOW. You really took a lot of time planning this shit."

"Yeah, you made me wet myself."

"Wait, but whats the point if you aren't even going to enjoy watching me struggle?"

"Oh yeah! There is this website called Omorashi.org. You can put videos of omorashi, pictures of ommorashi, and write omorashit stories an stuff. You are going to document your experience there. I better see it!" She handed me a bunch of drinks and wouldn't leave until I drank all four of them. Which took about an hour because we were talking as I was drinking. After I was done she locked the chains with duplicate versions of the keys she hid. So yeah... let's see what happens.

11:34

Okay, I'm kind of desperate. The drinks are starting to kick in, not too bad though. Emily will be pretty mad to figure out how good I'm doing.

11:56

Okay, nevermind. I'm really desperate. I tried pushing taking off the chains but there was no good in doing so. I tried to at least loosen it up. The chain was pushing down on my full bladder. I should have started earlier 'cause now that I'm this desperate, It's hard to actually do much.

12:13

Oh my god, I really can't hold it. I can barely even type while holding it all in. This was a bad idea. I'M ALREADY LEAKING.

1:45:

Okay, it was pretty hard typing with one hand holding your pussy and while jumping. Let me tell you how everything went down. After typing how I was feeling at 12:13 I just started squirming uncontrollably. I went outside to start looking for the key in the pots. I bent down and looked through the dirt, every time I bent down all I could think about is how much I wish I could just pee there. I was dripping every bit while trying to find the stupid key. My underwear was slowly getting more and more saturated with my urine. The feeling of happiness was just amazing where I felt metal underneath the dirt.

I pulled my hand out and found the key. I unlocked the green lock while pressing my thighs together. HAHA EMILY. After my mini-celebration, I felt another leak. I needed to find the other two keys. I started running over to Emily's house to get the key from the bush. I ran as fast as I could which wasn't very fast considering I was on the verge of wetting myself entirely. I squirted a couple times on the way there but I finally got to the bush and started looking for the key in

Being so close to the bush, I just wanted to pee there. I looked for the key which was actually pretty hard. I finally found it and rushed back home and unlocked the purple lock. That's when I realized I had completely forgotten about the blue lock which was it in the ice. I took all three ice pieces with keys and put them on the kitchen counter waiting for them to melt. I tried putting them in my hand to warm them up but that made my desperation EVEN WORSE. It was already enough with the amount of water I drank after running it the heat. I felt my squirts getting heavier. One of them finally melted. I jammed the key inside the blue lock, struggling to put it in, and praying it was the right one. It wasn't.

When the second key melted I tried it and YES IT WAS THE RIGHT ONE. I let the chain fall to the ground the starting unbuttoning my pants. I started running to the bathroom moaning. For some reason the moment I removed all the chins, knowing I was close to peeing, my bladder went crazy. I got near the bathroom but started leaking halfway. I tried to stop it but at this moment, my desperation was so strong, I could barely move. Urine started shooting out of my pussy. It was unstoppable. My pants were getting darker and wetting as pee gushed down my thighs. I listened to the urine hit the ground and just sunk into the puddle. I peed the last view drips and shockingly 30 seconds later I got a text from Emily.

Emily:

Are you done? How did it go?

I'm actually in my dripping underwear while writing this. Welp, I hope you guys enjoyed reading about my experience and Emily, I hope you liked your revenge and seeing me suffer. Bye! -Alli

