A Desperate Vacation

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-02-23 17:59

Annie, Loren, and Rachel sat in a circle on the floor. Gossiping, laughing, joking.

"Okay, okay! We really need to sleep." said Annie.

"Ah, Annie. Always trying to be responsible. We are having so much fun!" said Loren. Loren was a "party" kind of girl. She did anything she thought could be fun.

"Ehem! We have to be up early tomorrow for the airport!"

"Speaking of, I can't wait!" yelled Rachel.

"Me too! I can't believe we are actually going to Paris."

Loren took another sip from her soda. "Fine," she said understanding. "I guess that would be a good idea." She got up and sat on her bed. Rachel and Annie got in their sleeping bag. Loren shut of the lamp. "Goodnight, bitches." she said. They closed their eyes and fell asleep.

The alarm went off. It was early in the morning. "Ugh!" screamed Loren. "Five more minutes!"

"Loren, you are unbelievable. Come on we are going to Paris! Rachel wake up!" Annie walked over to the clock. "What the fuck, Loren! I told you to put the alarm for 7:00, not 7:30!"

"Whoops," she said carelessly. Annie raised her eyebrows at her. "Oh my god, fine, we'll make it. Calm down." She got out of bed. Rachel got up and took her clothes to the bathroom so she could change.

"Hurry up," Annie said. "Plain leaves 8:30!" They got dressed as fast as possible and headed downstairs. "Lets go, lets go, lets go!"

"Okay, okay, okay!" Rachel felt a sudden pressure on her bladder.

"Hold on, I gonna go use the bathroom."

"We don't have time for that!"

Loren's mom woke up to the noise. "What the hell is going on here?" she asked.

"Ummm..."

"Let me guess," she said tired. "You woke up late." Loren shrugged her shoulders. "How unexpected." she laughed. "Okay, be save."

"We will!" they ran to Loren's car and got in. Loren started driving.

"Its a long drive to the airport and its 7:38. It will take about 20 minutes to get there if we are fast. Are there any police around?" asked Annie. Loren raised her eyebrows in shock.

"Nope," she replied. She sped up the car. Rachel put her hand to her crotch. The speed of the car made holding her urine harder. Why did I have to drink so much last night? she though to herself. Half way through the car ride she started to move trying to keep it all in. Annie noticed.

"When we get to airport, use the bathroom as fast as you can." Rachel smiled and nodded.

"Oh, Rachel has to piss?"

"Yeah,"

"How bad?" she asked.

"Maybe a 4/10." she replied.

"Good, so you aren't gonna pee your pants."

"Probably not."

Loren was slightly disappointed. She was slightly into omorashi which meant seeing Rachel desperate to pee wasn't too bad at all. At the same time she didn't want to see Rachel embarrassed. Time passed, and they finally reached the airport. "What time is it?"Loren asked as she stepped out of the car. Annie checked her watch. Her eyes grew wide.

"It's 8:10!"

"What! How?!"

"I don't know but we better hurry the fuck up."

They ran inside, grabbed their bags and hurried. "Passports?" asked the lady at the airport. They threw their passports at her. They gave the workers their bag to let them check for whats inside and got checked for anything illegal. Loren took hold of the tickets. They ran to the where you get on the plain and sighed in relief.

"Four more minutes until we get on the plain." said Annie, out of breath. They sat on the metal chairs where the other passengers were sitting on while waiting. The chair were cold. Rachel shivered. The coldness made her desperate.

"Where is the bathroom?" she asked.

"Oh shit, they are too far right now." said Loren.

"I'm so sorry Rachel, we were so distracted. I forgot you had to go." said Annie.

"Hold it for now, i'm sure there is a bathroom on the plain."

"What if there isn't?"

There was a pause. "Passengers going to Paris, please get on board. I repeat, passengers going to Paris, please get on board." said one of the workers. The girls got up and walked outside to the plain. "Single file please, show the man by the door your tickets." she said. They did so and got on board.

"Guess what by the way." said Loren.

"What?" asked Annie.

"We are sitting in first class. " she said holding the tickets up, smiling. Annie opened her mouth in awe, so did Rachel. They sat down in their seats, Rachel next to Annie, and Loren behind them, next to nobody.

"Excuse me," Rachel called out to one of the ladies working. She ignored. "Um.." she hesitated.

The lady told all the passengers to "Please put on your seat belts for a safe flight..." and all the plain rules and stuff. "I will now check that everyone has put on their seat belts and we will be ready to start the trip, shortly. This flight will take 11 hours." Rachel put on her seat belt. It pressed on her bladder, she squeezed her legs together.

"Are you okay?" Annie asked.

"I really have to go."

"I know,"

The lady passed by them to check if they put on their seat belts. "Excuse me, where is the bathroom?"

"We don't have a bathroom here, sorry." she looked over to her seat belt. "Ma'am, your seat belt isn't on properly. Do you mind if I fix it for you?" she asked.

"No, it's fine." Rachel replied nicely. The lady walked over and and pressed her hands against her bladder and fixed the seat belt until it was pressing hard on her bladder. The lady walked away. Rachel let out a couple drops.

"Do you think you can hold it?" asked Annie.

"A couple drops just fell out..."

"Come on, you can do it."

Rachel sighed she put her hands to her crotch and closed her eyes. She opened them and crossed her legs. Then crossed them the other way. She squeezed them and let out a moan. Annie took out a water bottle and drank what was in it. "How about you pee in this. I can cover you." Loren head was peaking over watching her desperate. Annie handed Rachel the bottle and looked over and Loren, giving her the face saying look away. Loren sat back in her chair.

Annie knew about Loren's fetish. Once, she walked into her room and caught Loren peeing her pants on purpose. Loren told her she couldn't hold it. Later, Annie found omorashi links on her laptop. "What is this? I see your wet pants everywhere and now these links?" Loren explained everything to her looking very ashamed. Annie told her that its fine and comforted her. She respected her fetish and didn't make fun of it. Annie would watch omorashi from time to time and was turned on but only when she was really bored.

"No," Rachel said. "I don't want to pee in here. I'll try to hold it." she said. Annie put the bottle away. She watched as Rachel squeezed her crotch. and move. Loren listened in the back to the leather chair that Rachel was moving in, the way she struggled, her moans of "ohh" and "uh". Loren couldn't help listening.

About 2 hours passed and a lady came over. "Anything to order?" Annie ordered a simple grilled cheese sandwich. Rachel ordered a burger. "Okay, any drinks?" Annie looked over to Rachel. She knew it wasn't a good idea but she was super thirsty.

"Water please." she said. The lady left. The moment she did Rachel went back to squeezing and moving.

"Why did you order water?!" Annie yelled in a whisper.

"I'm sooo thirsty."

"You sure you don't want the bottle."

"Yeah."

"Okay," Annie shrugged. She threw the bottle in the garbage. Their food arrived. Rachel ate her burger and chugged down the water. Annie had a feeling this wasn't gonna go right. She looked up and found Loren peeking again. Loren shook her head to telling Annie This is gonna go bad. Annie nodded to tell her I know. Loren sat back in her seat and thought, This is about to get good...

About 5 hours passed. Rachel looked like she was gonna burst. "How bad is it?" asked Annie.

"Very bad."

"1-10?"

"9."

"Crap."

"Do you have another bottle?"

"No."

"Fuck." Loren peeked again.

"Its not going good?" she asked.

"No, I have to pee so bad and I feel like i'm gonna wet myself." she let out another moan. "I don't think I can hold it." There was a silence. Loren saw a her pants getting dark at her crotch area. "Fuck!" she put her legs together so hard and stopped the leak. She spend the next five minutes doing nothing but moan and sigh from struggling.

It was almost the end of the flight. They were all asleep. Rachel had her hand to her crotch while sleeping. She woke up to a hissing sound and a wet feeling of her hand. She freaked out an tried to stop it as fast as possible. Her crotch area was very wet. Her seat had a little golden puddle on it. Annie woke up. "What the hell, Rachel. Why are you making so much noise?" She noticed the puddle. "Oh my god." She said in shock.

"There's still so much more inside." she whispered. "I'm at a 10."

"We will be off in a bit."

"I can't wait 'a bit' I have to go now." Annie cringed to the smell of her pee.

"Hang in there." Rachel squeezed and moaned.

"Passengers, we are landing." said the lady. Loren woke up.

"How is the bladder?" she asked.

"I can't hold it!"

"Yes you can." Annie said. Loren looked closely and noticed the puddle from before. Rachel saw as she eyeballed it.

"I've been leaking and dripping. I want to let it out." Annie's eyes widened.

"Not here!" The plane landed. As it did, it made Rachel's bladder tingle.

"Passengers, take off your seat belts." Rachel did as fast as possible. The plain's door opened. "You may leave the airplain. Rachel ran out. Loren and Annie ran after her. They grabbed their suitcases. Rachel moaned as she bent down, dripping. She saved it. Loren stopped a taxi and asked him to take them to a hotel. Rachel felt her wet panties and pressed. After five minutes they entered the hotel. I'm almost there...thought Rachel. Fuck, I really need to go.

They grabbed their keys. "You can hold it." said Annie. They ran into the elevator. Rachel smashed the number of their floor and bent down in desperation. They got out of the elevator and found their room. Rachel jammed the key it trying to open the door, bending every bit.

"I can't hold it!" Loren opened the door as fast as possible. They got in and closed the door behind them. "WHERE IS THE BATHROOM?!" She asked with both hand in between her legs. She bent down, so desperate. She started sobbing, "I can't hold it..." Her urine spilled out like a waterfall. It dripped down her legs and made an ocean underneath her. It splashed everywhere and gushed. Rachel tried to stop it. She pressed against her area. She peed for a minute. She sobbed and wiped her teared with her wet hands.

That night Annie and Rachel slept to get ready for their fun tomorrow. Loren made sure they were asleep. She also had to pee and went to the bathroom and pissed her pants. She took out a vibrator, unable to stop thinking about Rachel's desperation.

*002*2018-02-24 10:48

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was excellent

}}

Thanks :)

*003*2018-02-24 10:52

A bunch of mistakes sorryyyy

*005*2018-04-14 13:01

Just did

{{On ٢٤‏/٢‏/٢٠١٨ at 7:49 AM, Night Rain said:

If you decide to continue this perhaps Loren could make Rachel desperate somehow for her own amusement.

}}

