Hi,i need to water some Daisies (Princess Daisy)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-05-24 01:29

$$

Daisy groaned as she kept walking back and forth in her prison. For the first time in what feels like forever, she got kidnapped. Not by Tatanga, but by the Great Koopa King Himself; Bowser! Daisy figured he would have backed off after she sucker punched him into the sky during a party and she wasn't sure why he decided to kidnap her this time instead of Peach. Daisy crossed her arms as she kept looking around. Inside her room was a bed, an empty cup of tea and a window that gave her a view of the Koopa Kingdom. The princess of Sarasaland sighed for the umpteenth time.

"I know things have been getting boring in Sarasaland lately, but i didn't want THIS to happen...." Daisy said to herself as she sat down on her bed. She crossed her legs and looked around the room again. Not only was she bored, but she needed to pee pretty badly too. Bowser was at the very least kind enough to give her a cup of tea to drink while she was trapped in her room. But not long after she finished drinking, she started feeling a twinge in her bladder.

"Ugh...why couldn't Bowser have put a bathroom in here? Or at least a chamber pot..." Daisy said as she shook her legs. She got up from the bed and looked out of the window. She looked down and saw multiple of Bowser's minions walking around and guarding the tower she was in. She stepped away from the window and groaned. She really hoped someone would come and save her soon....

###

"C'mon,what's taking them so long?" Daisy said as she stared at the ceiling. It felt like a half hour had passed and it still didn't seem like there was someone on their way to save her. Most of her subjects weren't really suited for combat,so she only had one hope left: The Mario Bros. But she was starting to wonder if they even knew she was captured. They have to know right? They are always alerted when Bowser sets one of his plans into motion. She walked up to the door and started knocking against it.

"Hello? Is anyone there? Hello?" Daisy yelled as she kept knocking on the door. She stopped knocking for a few seconds. She didn't get a response. She started knocking again until she heard footsteps approaching. A small hole in the door opened, revealing the eyes of a Dry Bones.

"Uhh...hey...i was wondering....Can i go to the bathroom maybe?...please?" Daisy said nervously. The dry bones just stared at her for a few seconds before roaring and closing the hole.

"Guess not.."Daisy sighed and went back to bed.

'C'mon...someone please get me out of here. i need to pee.' Daisy said as she crossed her legs. Just then, she heard the Dry Bones roar again.

"Huh? What's going on out there?" Daisy yelled. But she didn't get a response. She only heard the sound of multiple dry bones roaring and groaning. Daisy kept leaning against the wall with a curious expression. Did someone finally arrive? after a few seconds, all the sounds disappeared. Daisy knocked on the door.

"Hello? is anyone there?" Daisy said. She waited for a response. She then heard a click coming from the door. She took a few steps back and the door opened. Daisy smiled as she saw Luigi standing in front of her prison.

"Luigi! You're here!" Daisy said as she ran up to the green plumber and hugged him. Luigi was surprised at first, but after a second he warped his arms around her. Daisy giggled and let go of Luigi.

"I'm so happy to finally be out of there, it was incredibly boring in there." Daisy said as she looked back at the now empty room.

"I'm-a happy to see your safe, Princess Daisy." Luigi said as he gave her a thumbs up. Daisy smiled, but that smile quickly disappeared when she felt another twinge in her bladder.

"Can uhh...Can we leave now?" Daisy said as she crossed her legs.

"Okie-dokie! Mario is currently making his-a way to Bowser. We should get out while we still have the chance!" Luigi said. The green plumber motioned the princess to follow him and the two started making their way down the castle hallways. Luigi held Daisy's hand as the two ran down the empty hallways. With Daisy keeping her free hand between her legs. Daisy gritted her teeth. all this running was causing the urine in her bladder to slosh around. Suddenly, Luigi stopped running.

"Luigi, why did you-" Daisy looked in front of her and saw multiple troops running towards her and the green plumber.

"Oh great...What do we do now?!" Daisy said with an angry expression.

""Quick! Let's-a go!" Luigi said as he ran into another hallway. Daisy quickly followed him,now using both hands to hold her bladder. Luigi opened a door and the two arrived at a bridge. The two kept running until they saw another group of minions coming from the other side of the bridge. Daisy looked back and saw the other group of minions closing in on them.

"Daisy? i don't think we have a choice..." Luigi said. Daisy looked at Luigi and saw him staring at the side of the bridge. Daisy knew what he was planning and nodded. Luigi took a deep breath and jumped off the bridge. Daisy looked around to see the minions getting closer and closer. She quickly hopped off the bridge and braced herself for impact. As she was falling, her dress poofed up and slowed down her descent. Daisy looked down and smiled. She gracefully landed next to luigi and her dress returned to its regular shape.

"C'mon,let's a go!"Luigi grabbed Daisy's hand and towed her with him.

"H-Hey,slow down Luigi!" Daisy said as she tried to keep up with the green plumber. She kept her free hand between her legs as she ran.

####

After a few minutes of running,the Duo hid behind a bush and waited. Luigi peeked from behind the bush and saw a few Koopas stop in front of it. The Koopa's looked around and then continued their search for the princess.

"We should-a be safe for now,Princess..." Luigi turned to face daisy. That's when he noticed her fidgeting with a nervous expression.

"Is everything okay,princess?" Luigi asked. Daisy decided she wasn't going to hide it. Everyone pees right? There's nothing embarrassing about telling someone you need to take care of a basic human need.

"I....I need to pee." Daisy said as she crossed her legs. "I've been holding it since i got captured and I'm absolutely bursting right now...."

Luigi placed a hand under his chin and thought...

"Can you hold it until we reach-a the castle?"

"I don't know. I need to go really badly right now...." The princess said.

Luigi tried to think of a solution. There were plenty of bushes she could hide behind. But he wasn't sure if Daisy was okay with the idea of relieving herself outside. His thoughts were interrupted when he heard barking. The duo looked around in confusion until a chain chomp jumped out of the bushes. This startled the princess and nearly made her lose control of her bladder for a second.

"RUN!" Luigi yelled. The princess quickly ran after the plumber,with an angry chain chomp giving chase. The two kept running,with daisy using both of her hands to hold her bladder.

"Quick! Through there!" Daisy looked to where luigi was pointing and saw a pipe up ahead. The two quickly jumped inside and slid down the pipe. The deeper they got into the pipe,the darker it got until they eventually hit the ground. Luigi got up and dusted himself off.

He turned around to see Daisy on her knees,with her hands tightly holding her bladder.

"Are you okay?" Luigi asked. Daisy got up and quickly crossed her legs.

"I think i leaked a little...." She thought to herself. She looked around then back at luigi.

"Where did that pipe take us?" Luigi turned around and took a few steps forward. It looked like they were inside some kind of house. Suddenly,He heard an all to familiar laughter coming from somewhere.....

"I think we might-a be in a Ghost House..." Luigi said Nervously. Daisy gritted her teeth,this was the last thing she needed...

"Well....Let's get moving then. The faster we are out of here,the better...." Daisy said.

###

The duo made their way through the house. Daisy was somewhat familiar with the kind of ghosts that resided in this house. Most of them were boos,ghosts that would only attack you if you turned away from them.Thankfully,they had a weakness: light. If you shinned some light on them,they would eventually disappear. And eventually....

*Bonk*

Luigi hit a block and it transformed into a Light block.

"Ahh...thank the stars! We have a way to defend ourselves-a now!" Luigi said. Daisy simply nodded while looking around. Her bladder was very full and the chances of making it to an actual bathroom seemed to be decreasing with each passing minute. By this point,she couldn't even stand still. She was shifting from one foot to another in an attempt to ease the pressure in her bladder. Luigi had opened a door and a boo had jumped out and scared luigi,causing him to fall down. Daisy grabbed the Light Box and flashed the boo with it,causing the boo to poof away. Luigi got up and gave the princess a thumbs up. The duo went through the door and continued their walk through the ghost house. All while daisy was trying her hardest not to lose control of her bladder.

"How long have we been in here?" The princess asked. Luigi shrugged and looked at the windows. It seemed to be nighttime right now. Daisy groaned and looked around. She spotted a door and tapped Luigi on the shoulder.

"What about that door?" Daisy pointed at the door. Luigi approach the door and slowly placed his hand on the handle. He then slowly opened the door,fully prepared for any jump-scares. Instead,he heard a loud "yes" coming from daisy. Luigi looked inside the room and saw what daisy has been dying to find: a toilet. Without a second thought,daisy entered the room and shut the door.

"Wait! Daisy! What if it's an illusion or a trap?!" Luigi asked. Unfortunately,his words fell on deaf ears,as Daisy was waddling towards the toilet while lifting her dress up,revealing an orange thong. Just as she was about to pull it down,she heard laughter coming from the walls. Daisy looked around the room in confusion when suddenly the room started glowing and turning purple. Daisy quickly lowered her dress and barged out of the bathroom.

"D-Daisy!" Luigi yelled as he saw Daisy run up to him and hold onto his arm. The door transformed into a giant Boo. This startled both daisy and Luigi and it caused Daisy to leak a little. Luigi used the light box the blind the boo. The Boo covered it's eyes and freaked out,giving Luigi and Daisy a chance to run away. The two only ran a few meters away before the Boo started giving chase. Luigi turned around and tried to flash the boo again,but the boo stopped and kept it's distance. Luigi turned off the light and the Boo quickened it's pace. Luigi tried turning the light back on to stun it. But he was smacked by the boo's tongue, causing the Light box to be knocked off his body.

Meanwhile, Daisy was running with both hands between her legs. She ignored the ghost behind her and tried to search for an escape route but she had a difficult time doing so due to how dark the hallways were. Luigi caught up with daisy and the scared duo kept running until they eventually reached the end of the hallway.

"What do we do now?" Daisy said as she started hopping from one foot to the other. Luigi looked around and saw a window.

"Quick,this-away!" Luigi said as he opened the window. Daisy moved closer to the window and looked out of it. there was some grass below but it was quite a few floors below the one they were on right now. Her aching bladder made her debate whether or not she should do this,but the Giant Boo that appeared behind her quickly convinced her that she should just go through with. Daisy quickly leaped out of the window and closed her eyes. She landed on her knees and gritted her teeth as she tried to her hardest to keep her bladder under control. Unfortunately,she could feel another spurt escaping.

Luigi landed behind her and checked up on her.

"Are you okay,Daisy?"

"I....Don't think i can get up...." Daisy said as she rubbed her thighs together. Suddenly Luigi heard laughter coming from above. He looked up to see the same boo peeking out of the window. He gently placed one of his hands on Daisy's thigh and the other on her back.

"Huh? Luigi,what are you-" Luigi then slowly lifted her from the ground and ran away from the house. Daisy opened her eyes and looked at the window to see the giant boo laughing at them.....

###

Luigi kept running and running and running. with Daisy still in his arms. He ran past multiple trees and bushes and he didn't look back. He didn't know where he was going,but he didn't care as long as he was far away from that spooky house.

"EEP!" Luigi stopped and looked at Daisy.

"D-Daisy?"

"Oh! I need to pee now!" Daisy yelled. Luigi let daisy go and daisy quickly jammed her hands between her legs. She speed-walked towards the bushes and reached for her dress.

"I can't hold it anymore!" Daisy said as she lifted up her dress and revealed her thong. Luigi's face turned red and he quickly turned around. Daisy pulled her thong down and stepped out of them. She then lifted her dress up,revealing her butt to those who were close. Of course only Luigi was there,but he wasn't looking at her right now. A long spurt escaped from Daisy's bladder,causing her to let out a moan. She then relaxed her muscles and let out another spurt that quickly transformed into a very powerful stream. Daisy let out another moan and tilted her head back. She let out a long sigh as she felt a wave of pleasure going her body.

Meanwhile,Luigi was standing there with his back turned to Daisy. His gaze may have been averted but he could still hear the unprincess-like noises coming from her. This only caused him to turn redder. Not only that,but he could feel his pants getting a little tighter.

Daisy closed her eyes and smiled as she kept peeing. It felt so good to pee after holding it in for so long. She opened her eyes and looked at the big puddle she had created she then turned around and her face slowly turned red when she realized that Luigi was still there. She looked down and waited for her bladder to be completely empty. after a few seconds,her stream completely stopped. She grabbed a leaf from the bushes and used it to wipe herself. She then looked at the thong she had left on the ground and and saw the big wet patch on it. She sighed and decided to leave them there,since she had already wiped and she didn't feel like walking back home with very wet panties. It's not like anyone would know that they were hers anyways. She let go off her dress and stepped away from the bushes.

"Umm...You can turn around now,Luigi..." Luigi obliged and faced Daisy. Both him and Daisy had completely red faces. "Umm...I'm so sorry about that. i just...REALLY couldn't hold it."

"It's-a fine. When you gotta go,you gotta. right?" Luigi said in an attempt to comfort her.

"Yeah but like....relieving themselves in public is not something a princess is supposed to do,y'know?" Daisy said.

"Yeah,i-a know. But still. I don't a blame you for it...."Luigi said while smiling. Daisy smiled too and then looked down. Luigi saw where she was looking and quickly covered his groin.

"Umm...uh,how about we get-a moving. the faster we return to the castle,the better right?" Luigi said nervously.

"Yeah...of course...." Daisy said. The two started walking away from the bushes. Daisy warped her arms around Luigi and leaned her head against him. a thought then crossed her mind.

"How do you think Mario is doing back at the castle?" Daisy asked.

"I'm sure he defeated Bowser in the time it took us to get out of that ghost house. His fight with Bowser usually don't take very long..." Luigi replied while scratching his head.

