Short Story - Afterparty Desperation

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2022-04-03 08:21

My 4th writing, happening in no particular chronological order from my other stories besides after my first (linked here

), but for simplicity we'll assume it's the current latest event. In this scenario, Yuta and Mali are driving home from a party, with Mali desperate to go, and Yuta finding all the opportunities he has to make Mali burst. Enjoy!

___

Mali [F] - 19 y/o, developing a love to be the subject of an omo scenario, wants to be tidy with her omo fantasies but doesn't always get them to happen the way she wants them to.

Yuta [M] - 20 y/o, Mali's bf, developing a love to see Mali be the subject of an omo scenario, loves playing with her to see her become desperate.

###

Prologue (Recap): Mali's awakening began with her boyfriend, Yuta, playing a game of restraint with it resulting in Mali soiling herself right in front of her own toilet, to her surprise, she liked. The next incident occurred when Mali had to hydrate on a hot summer day at work. This worked to her disadvantage, and she came home stumbling only to find Yuta taking a long, carefree shower. With the last of her resources, Mali resolved to using a vase, but out of clumsiness drops it, breaking it, and relieving herself all over her kitchen floor. Lastly, Mali took a whole lonesome day to herself to see how long her bladder would last, and after nearly 7 challenging yet arousing hours, left a spotty, messy trail all the way from her carpeted room to the expanse of her bathroom floor in front of the toilet. It's now that she's back with Yuta after a party, both of them wanting to take advantage of the situation to the fullest for their wet desires.

###

Mali and Yuta have had a long week. Both had covered extra hours for coworkers, had busy days, more customers, and so on; they needed some relief. And when a friend hosts a get together party full of refreshments, people to let loose with, and good times, how would these two begin to decline? It was a Saturday night, and the two headed out to the designated address and let all their anxieties go. They talked and drank and partied for what seemed like hours. Was it hours? It became a blur to them, it was all so relaxing. Yuta had steered clear of any alcohol there, not just because he was designated driver going home, but merely because that he thought it was too bitter. Mali on the other hand gravitated some of the lighter alcoholic drinks offered there, trying to balance her alcoholic with nonalcoholic drinks appropriately but ultimately winding up a little tipsy.

The party begins to wind down, and people begin to take their leave, Mali and Yuta included. Yuta notices Mali on the way out headed in the direction of the bathroom, but Yuta's night wasn't over just yet. He wanted to see something far more spectacular than anything he saw at the party. He grabs her arm and nudges her in the opposite direction, confusing her at first. But soon she becomes apparent of his intentions, and is turned on by his sudden and decisive assertiveness. They say their goodbyes and head to their car. Yuta had already used the bathroom beforehand, giving himself full attention to make the best situation out of what was given. Mali, growing desperate and tipsy, was swooned into the passenger seat for the 30 minute ride home.

Y: Feeling good?

M: For now, yes. Jokingly I can't believe you'd make your poor girlfriend do such a thing!

Y: Just thought I'd make things more interesting. The night is still young of course.

Mali starts with a moderately full bladder, making her less than comfortable in her seat as they depart. The constant rumble and motion of the car make her tense. Each turn they take, big or small, adds a momentary pressure build on her, before returning to a level of stability. Not long after they leave though, Yuta turns on a seat warmer on the passengers side.

M: What gives?

Y: Don't know yet? Give it a minute, you'll see soon enough.

And so she did. As the seat became warmer, Mali soon began to feel her tense muscles relax, becoming a soothing feeling under her legs. She then placed her hands atop her thighs, rubbing them anxiously, trying to calm herself down. She often found herself shifting her hips back, making herself more vertical, allowing her bladder to protrude forward no further. Her lower legs moved freely, fidgeting in her leg space, but not daring to separate her knees.

M: I'm... starting to get worse over here... because of you.

Y: Good, great actually. We're getting there, we're about 20 minutes out right now.

M: Jokingly Damnit you better step on it!

Yuta, quick wittedly, spots an opportunity.

Y: Maybe I'll do just that...

M: I don't like the sound of tha-!

Suddenly, the car dips into a shallow, but impactful pothole, dipping it in and out, causing Mali to bounce. She gasps.

M: nnNNNGgh~!

Her hands suspended out of surprise, she does everything in her power to counteract the force, but is incapable of preventing a 1 second burst of fluid warmth into her jeans and panties. She carefully moves her hands between her legs to control herself.

M: hysterically, through laughter with a shocked expression Oh I fucking hate you!

Y: snickering Hey, you told me to speed up!

M: Yeah but watch the road dumbass! Jeez! I fucking leaked a little because of that!

Y: You did? That's great then.

M: It's not great you idiot! I'm not gonna be able to control it much longer at this rate!

Mali now sat firmly, but shook due to the desperation. What a dirty way to tease relief! she thought. He better hurry it up! It'd be embarrassing if I had to ask him to pull over. Her hands locked into her crotch, as if she was trying to prevent the moisture from spreading further. Her hips were planted solid in the seat like stone, her legs bounced in all directions quickly as if to distract herself. Yuta notices. Once again, a devious idea comes to him. At an intersection, he takes a turn left, away from the route they were on directly heading home. Despite it being night, despite her being slightly drunken, she notices, appalled.

M: Worried What are you doing?

Y: Taking the scenic route home.

M: You're joking.

Y: I'm not.

M: You're joking!

Y: I'm very not.

M: Screw you!

Mali knew the scenic route essentially doubled the time it took to get home from that point, 10 minutes away from home. The trip was now set to be around 20 minutes there. Mali refused to believe it then but subconsciously knew - she wouldn't make it until then. She was feeling her own bladder at this point, her liquids sloshing around inside, the outside pressing just above her crotch, beneath her belly button. Her every muscle tensed up then. She was going to pee.

M: Yuta!... I can't do this any longer!

Y: Sarcastically Yes you can~.

M: No I'm serious... It's going to come out...

I have to ask him. she thought. There's no way out of this is there... Her whole body shook, sent shivers down her back, and tickled her ever weakening bladder.

M: Ah~!

Another leak. Her already dampened crotch grows wet and warm, a solid streak forming in front of her zipper and button. Her fingers dug into it, sounding like a soaked sponge. Mali bent over slightly, to stop it but to not press her bladder more. The fluid seeped under her butt to the back of her jeans as well.

M: c-c-Can you please... pull... over?

Y: I thought about it.

M: Surprised W-What does that mean?

Y: I don't think I will.

M: Yuta!!

Mali's mind races. She hadn't even thought of this outcome. What if they didn't stop? Her hopes of staying somewhat clean were robbed of her in an instant. Also robbed of her was her train of thought, her bladder now being too full to think straight. Her legs tighten, her eyes water up, her whole movement, still. Suddenly she feels a faint touch on her shoulder. It startles her.

M: Hah!

Glancing over, Yuta's hand moves gently, caressing her shoulder, and moving towards her arm. Down it slowly moves, reaching her elbow, then her wrist, then her hand, and her wet seat. With simple movements, he feels around her groin, causing Mali to slowly, but steadily leak. dripping from the front tip of her jeans, she stays firm, unable to do anything else.

M: pleadingly Y-Yuta... babe... p-please!...

He stops. She stops going. He pulls his hand out, but doesn't bring it back to the wheel. Instead, he moves it up, and moves it closer to Mali's expanded bladder. She realizes.

Mali: whispered, panicked BABE STOP! NO! DON'T DO IT!

He does it. He proceeds to push on her skin, into her stomach, and onto her basin of pee. Her fingers dig into her crotch, her stomach tightens. She leaks moderately, and doesn't stop this time around.

M: Babe stop the car NOW I'm pissing myself!

Her leaks grow in intensity, becoming a weak stream. The complete underside of her ass fills with pee, warmth spreading to every crevasse. A low, muffled hum can be heard between her legs.

M: BABE!!!

Y: Only if you say plea-

M: PLEASE!!!!

Yuta gets the message and quickly slows. The momentum sends Mali's control loose, fully opening her flood gates. The hum becomes louder, and she hastily unbuttons and unzips her jeans. The hum turns into a small hiss as steamy pee streams from her crotch forcefully. A puddle has formed between her legs and on the seat, coating the underside of her jeans. As the car stops, liquid is jostled off the seat and in front of it onto the ground, splashing Mali's jeans as it falls. She throws open the door and herself out, wetting the inside of her pants as she stood. At this moment, Yuta had got the sight he wanted so badly to see, and took it all in, burning it into his eyes. Mali threw down her jeans and panties, and without squatting, let it all come out. With a loud hiss her pee watered the tall grass in front of her, creating a thud as it hit the soil.

Like each other time, Mali was frozen, embracing the moment as the only thing she could do. Her stream flew out in front, to the left, right, and trickled down her legs in a shameless, uncontrolled fashion. Golden drops streamed down her behind, growing chillier as she stanced herself outside in the slight breeze. After a whole minute, her flood was reduced to a trickle for another half minute following that. As she stopped, she turned back towards the car, staring dead into Yuta. She took off her shoes, shook them out, and set them down.

She then stripped her lower half, being soaked already, and not being concerned for any car to come by to see her, being on a relatively quiet, country road a ways into the night. Picking up her soggy jeans, she throws them at Yuta, smacking him with still warm denim. Mali hops back into the car, not bothering to clean the seat. She sits and splashes her pee on the leather seat, and shuts the door. Yuta hangs onto the jeans in the drivers seat, and set off until home, saying nothing the whole drive. It's safe to say that neither of them got much sleep that night, especially with Mali trying to wear down Yuta as punishment for hours.

___

Thanks for reading, or at least scrolling down! Hope you enjoyed the read. Feedback is always appreciated, so if you'd like please lmk what you thought about it! Also, I'm always open to suggestion on different ideas and situations to put Mali through, so if you have any good ideas you want fleshed out, lmk as well.

