Stealthy Relief (Sheik) - A Smash Bros Story

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-08-31 14:17

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

$$

The sound of a harp could be heard alongside the sound of the wind. There was one big piece of land floating in the sky,surrounded by a bunch of smaller bits of land. This bigger piece of land was known as "The Temple" and this is where the sound of a harp came from.

Sheik,a member of the Sheikah clan and the 16th fighter in the world of smash,was currently leaning against one of the pillars while playing her harp. Right now she was waiting for the champion of Hyrule and the 3rd fighter of Smash....Link.

Earlier today,Link asked the sheikah if she want to have a friendly match with him. Wishing to spend more time with him,Sheik agreed.

Sheik stopped playing her harp and looked around. She's been waiting for 15 minutes,but Link was nowhere to be seen. To make matters a bit worse,she was starting to feel a familiar pressure in her abdomen. Sheik had some tea before leaving early to fight link. By the looks of it,some of that tea has made it's way to her bladder while she was waiting for link.

Sheik's focus on her bladder quickly disappeared as she heard a voice. To her delight,she saw Link descending towards her with his paraglider. Upon landing,Link stored his paraglider away and waved to Sheik. Sheik had a smile on her face, wich would've been visible to Link if her mask wasn't in the way.

"Glad to see you made it here..." Sheik said as she put down her harp. Link walked up to her and explained to her that he had to find a spot to paraglide from so that he could reach the temple. As he was explaining it,Sheik once again felt some pressure in her bladder. She ignored it and hopped onto the pillar that she was leaning on moments ago.

"Very well then. Shall we start the match?" Sheik asked as she got into a fighting stance. Link nodded and made his way to the roof that was on the other side of the Temple. Sheik once again ignored the signals her bladder was sending. She didn't want to delay the match any further and she figured she could hold it until the end of the match. The two Hylians prepared themselves for a 2 stock match with no time-limit.

"Are you ready,Link?" Sheik asked. Link responded with a nod and a grunt.

3......

2......

1.......

GO!!!!!

As soon he heard the word "GO!!!" Link ran towards sheik and jumped over the entrance to the "Cave of Life". Link jumped and swung his sword downwards. Sheik back flipped out of the way and hopped onto the highest platform. She started preparing some needles while Link made his way to the top platform. Once he was on the platform,Link tried to grab Sheik. But Sheik jumped out of the way and threw the needles at him. Sheik was back on the normal ground and waited for Link to come to her. Link summoned a Remote Bomb and threw it at her. Sheik struck the ground with her palm and vanished out of sight before Link had a chance to detonate the bomb.

She reappeared near the entrance of the Cave of Life. Link entered the cave and threw his Boomerang at Sheik. But sheik crawled under the boomerang and performed her Bouncing Fish technique. Link blocked the attack with his shield,causing Sheik to bounce of off it. Upon landing however,sheik grabbed link and started jabbing him. She then threw him into the air and followed up by doing a handstand kick. This combo knocked him out of the cave and while he was in the air,Sheik Jumped towards him and hit him multiple times with a corkscrew kick.

Link stopped tumbling and thrusted his sword downwards. Sheik dodged out of the way and threw a burst grenade at him. Once the grenade was close to him,Sheik pulled the Pin and detonated it. The explosion knocked Link away and caused him to land on the other side of the entrance to the cave.

While he was down,Link pressed a rune on his Sheika slate.

"Huh?" Sheik let out as she turned around to see that the Remote Bomb link threw at her earlier was still there. Link detonated the bomb and the explosion sent sheik flying.

The burn from the explosion wasn't the only thing Sheik felt. As she felt yet another wave of pressure going through her body. This wave was stronger than the last. Sheik got up from the ground while she had one of her hands between her legs. Her need to pee was starting to get urgent,but she couldn't abandon the match just to relieve herself.

She let go of her lower region and started preparing some needles. While she was doing that,Link jumped over the entrance to the cave and swung his sword. Sheik stopped charging the needles and rolled out of the way. She then threw the needles at Link and made a beeline towards him. Link blocked the needles with his shield,but this gave Sheik the opportunity to grab him.

And so she did. She then jumped over him and kicked him straight in the stomach. Sheik then jumped towards him and struck him with her bouncing fish technique. This sent him flying towards the blast line and link exploded upon making contact with them.

While Link was gone,Sheik took a moment to place her hands between her legs. She then looked to her left and she managed to spot a corridor obstructed by some pillars.

"Maybe i could....GAH!" Her thoughts were interrupted by two arrows landing next to her.

"*Sigh* relief can wait....You have to focus on this fight." Sheik thought to herself.

Link jumped over the entrance to the cave and threw his boomerang at Sheik again. Sheik dodged the boomerang and waited for it to return. While doing so,Link ran towards her and started swinging her sword. Sheik dodged the swings,but her focus was also on her bladder. The tea that was sloshing inside her bladder caused her to feel the pressure a bit more frequently than before.

Because her focus was on Link's swings and her bladder,she completely forgot about the Boomerang that came back to hit her. The hit caused her to stumble towards Link,who then delivered struck her with the hilt on of his sword.

Unfortunately for Sheik,the spot he struck happened to be where her bladder was located. The impact of the strike caused her to lose control of her bladder for a split second.

Sheik jumped back and threw a burst grenade at Link. Link jumped far away from the explosion,wich gave sheik some time to feel the damage.

She placed a hand on her crotch and felt a small wet spot on her panties. Sheik crossed her legs and look at the pillars that hid the corridor. She then turned around to see Link holding another Remote Bomb. The Champion threw the bomb at Sheik, but she caught it and threw it back at him. Link gasped and jumped away from the blue explosive. When he landed,Sheik threw the needles at him.

Link flinched from the impact of the needles. Sheik took the opportunity and performed the Bouncing Fish. The attack successfully connected and sheik bounced off of Link. However,Upon landing she had to press her hands against her crotch again. She stood there still,waiting for the contents of her bladder to stop sloshing around.

Link got up and fired an arrow at her. Sheik barely managed to sidestep away from the attack.

Link leaped towards her and started swinging his sword around again. Sheik was barely dodging the swings because most of her attention was on her bladder.

She ducked under one of the swings and tripped link with a sweep kick. She threw out a flurry of knifehand strikes wich she then followed up an open palm strike.

This strike knocked link very close to the blast line. Sheik crossed her legs and tried to keep her bladder under control.

The Sheika them made a dash towards Link. Link got up and performed a Spin Attack,But Sheik Jumped over it and grabbed Link. She then tossed him behind her and kicked him in the back. Link was sent flying away from the stage and he was very close to the blastline. But he double jumped away from the line and got closer to the ledge.

Unfortunately for him.Once he was close to the ledge,Sheik raised her hands overhead and quickly swung them down. The impact of the attack caused the sky to turn red. Link was sent flying and he exploded once he was past the blast line.

GAME!!!!!

The sky returned to it's original color and the blastlines disappeared. Link reappeared on a respawn platform. he jumped off the platform with a smile and made his way to sheik. He was about to congratulate Sheik,when suddenly he noticed....

"Huh?"

Link looked around in confusion. Sheik was nowhere to be seen.

Meanwhile.....

A smoke bomb went off in the corridor. The smoke cleared and revealed Sheik,who was now fidgeting with both of her hands between her legs. She walked further into the corridor and looked behind her. As she expected,the pillars in front of the corridor made it almost impossible for anyone walking past to see her.

Sheik looked around one last time and started frantically undoing her belt. She then pulled down her Stealth Pants and panties,exposing her butt for the world to see. (And thankfully for her,nobody was there to see it.)

She popped a squat and relaxed. The silence inside the corridor was quickly replaced by the sound of her urine making contact with the ground below her. Sheik closed her eyes and let out a moan. And although it wasn't visible,she had a smile on her face. However,that smile quickly disappeared as she heard Link's voice. Her stream quickly stopped and her relief was replaced with fear. She turned around and she could barely see Link looking for her. Thankfully,he didn't turn to her direction and he walked away from the pillars.

Sheik sighed and let out what was left in her bladder. Sheik looked at the pillars and then at her pants. She was very lucky that the pants could be removed. If she had to take off the entire suit and Link DID walk in on her,not only would she expose her rear to him but also her identity.

Her stream slowly weakened and after a while,it completely stopped. Sheik shook her butt a little and then pulled up her pants. She didn't have anything to wipe with. but her panties were already a bit wet from earlier,so it didn't really matter. Sheik took a look at the puddle she great and sighed. She struck the ground and disappeared in a puff of smoke.

Meanwhile outside the corridor....

Link looked around and Sheik was still nowhere to be found. Link turned around and was caught of guard by sheik throwing out a punch. However,she stopped the bunch before it could connect with Link's face.

"...You gotta have better reflexes if you want to save the world..." Sheik said. Link chuckled nervously and scratched his head.

"C'mon...Let's go back..." Sheik said as she grabbed Link's hand. The two hylians smiled (with only smile being visible) and walked to the edge of the Temple. Link pulled out his Paraglider and jumped off the temple. Sheik struck the ground and disappeared in a puff of smoke.

And that's the end of this story.

What do you guys think Sheik's true identity is in this game? She has the hat and hairstyle from her Twilight Princess Beta design but she wears the Stealth Armor from Breath of the Wild...

