The Chiefs' Pressure (Paya-A Tears of the Kingdom Short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-07-20 01:59

&&

"So far we've been able to decipher mentions of "sages". It's exciting really, this is such a huge opportunity for us to learn more...." Tauro said.

Paya didn't respond and merely observed the ruins that had landed near Karakiro Village with a nervous smile on her face.

"Lots of these have been appearing across Hyrule according to reports. I can't wait for us to discover them all.

"Mmmmh...hmmm...." Paya hummed as her body seemed to shift. Tauro turned around and looked at the recently promoted chief.

"Is everything okay? You look nervous."

"Huh....Y-Yeah,i'm fine. I'm just...concerned." Paya said nervously as she looked around hastily before locking her eyes on the ruins.

"Concerned about what if you don't mind me asking?" Tauro asked.

"Well it uhh...looks like those ruins could fall any second." Paya said. Tauro turned back and looked at the ruins. Unbeknowst to him,Paya had crossed her legs and placed her hands in front of her abdomen while he was facing away.

"Hmm...yes. I can see what you mean. But i do see some part of the ruins that are floating. Still,we need to excersize caution." Tauro said.

"Mmmmh...hmmm...." Paya hummed again. Looking around once more.

"Excuse me. Lady Paya?" A voice said. Suddenly she was pulled to the side by one of the villagers.

"H-Hey! S-Slow down! Eeep!" She said as she tried to pull away, her teeth gritting as she took each step. They stopped and Paya looked to see that it was Dorian who had pulled her.

"Can i help you?" Paya asked as she gave the villager a gentle smile.

"Lady Paya. With all due respect. Should you really be focusing on those ruins?" Dorian asked.

"W-Well, they kinda just appeared out of nowhere after the upheaval and...Maybe there's a correlation you know?." Paya said.

"I understand that, but we also have the gloom to worry about. Several of our villagers have fallen ill thanks to it." Dorian said.

"Right...it's just that- EEEEP!" Paya let out as she quickly hunched over.

"A-Are you okay?" Dorian asked as he moved closer to Paya. Paya looked up and quickly tried to regain her composure.

"Y-Yeah! I'm fine. It's just. i uhh..." She scrambled for an excuse as she began backing away.

"Lady Paya?" Dorian asked as he took a few steps towards Paya.

"I'll try to figure something out Dorian. T-Thank you for your concern. I'll uhh..I'll see you later!" Paya said as she sprinted away from Dorian. The villager just stood there and stared at the chief in confusion as she hastily moved away from him and towards her house.

Each step up the stairs elicited some whining and moaning from her and she found herself having to stop once to take a deep breath before resuming her ascent up the stairs. Once she entered the house, She hastily closed the door behind her and leaned against the wall. She leaned against the wall and she clenched her fists tightly as she rubbed her thighs together.

"Oh...Gotta pee! Gotta pee! I can't hold it!" She whispered to herself now that she was away from any listening ears. She hastily made her way up the stairs as she held back the dam that threathened to burst.

Ever since Paya had become the Chief of Kakariko Village, She had been running herself ragged trying to keep order in the village. While she was honored that her grandmother Impa had passed that title down to her, She'd be lying if she said the duties didn't take a toll on her. She had made some progress when it came to her shyness and had proven that she was more than capable of running the village, But compared to Impa she still had long ways to go.

One of those ways involved having to hold in her pee. Back when most of her work was confined to just the house, she could relieve herself at her own leisure. But being village chief meant she had to be away from the house for most of the day. And with many people needing her for various things, that often led her having to hold it for much longer than she was comfortable with.

"Oh! It's coming out! It's coming out!" She said as she hastily placed reached for a doorknob and pushed the door aside. Her eyes landed on the Squad Toilet that was on the ground just a few feet away from her. Paya didn't need any further invitation. She closed the door and stumbled towards the toilet as she hiked up her garbs and draped them in front of her. She crouched down until her rear was hovering just a few inches above the squat toilet.

Her muscles finally caved in and as if a dam had burst, a cascade or urine jetted out of her body and splashed against the water below. Her legs quivered as the pressure was replaced with a feeling of bliss. She had to use one hand to keep her balance and as she urine continued to cascade out her body, she couldn't resist letting out noises.....

"Haaaaaah.....Oh,sweet relief at last..." She said. With closed eyes and a blissful smile, she let out a another soft moan, her body fully surrendering to the sensation of release. She opened her eyes and looked at her panties. A twinge of embarrassment briefly managed to override the relief as she saw the wet spot in the middle. It wasn't the first time she had come this close to wetting herself, but close calls seemed to be happening more frequently ever since she became chief. She didn't have a bladder of steel like most Sheikah seemed to be trained to have. As a result she found herself limiting the amount of elixirs and tea she would take. And even then, that didn't stop her from feeling pressured by her bladder for a large chunk of her duties.

Paya looked away from her panties and looked back at the toilet. Her strong flowing stream eventually transformed into a mere trickle. She allowed herself a brief moment to revel in the sensation of emptiness and relief. She reached for some toilet paper and used it to wipe herself clean. She then stepped out of her panties and slid them to the side. She pressed the button near the toilet and flushed the paper down. She picked up the panties and tossed them in her dirty laundry basked. She approached the sink and began washing her hands. Her eyes making contact with the eyes of her reflection. She let out another sigh.

"I wonder how Grandmother would react if i were to schedule more bathroom breaks..." She said to her reflection. She then left the bathroom to go get herself a new pair of panties. She grabbed a new pair and began putting them on.

"Lady Paya?! Are you in here?!" A voice asked.

"Oh uh...B-Be right over,Tauro!" Paya said as she hastily put on her panties and made her way down the stairs.

"How can i help you?" Paya asked.

"We have a visitor." Tauro said. The two then exited the house and Paya saw a familiar face standing infront of her. She was dressed in what seemed to be a white archaic dress with Zonai imagery. Paya put on her best smile and approached her.

"Princess Zelda. What a surprise to see you here! How can i help you?"

