Human in Equestria

Author: Odude

*000*2022-11-23 16:09

What if a human got stuck in Equestria? How would he pee? This fic explores that.

This is my first ever omo fic!

Noah Brown whined as he ran home. His bladder was so, [i]so[/i] full to the point it was bulging out his stomach. His legs jiggled as he shakily forced his key into the keyhole. He tugged on his My Little Pony shirt desperately as he opened his door. He crossed his legs as he locked the door and ran upstairs to their toilet. He was leaking slightly as he dashed up the stairs. But finally, he made his way into the toilet and locked the door. Squirming, he undid his belt, leaking yet more, as he yanked down his piss stained pants, whipped out his dick, and peed. The relief was euphoric. He vowed never to drink that much again.

He stared in the mirror at himself. At his tanned skin, hazel eyes, blonde hair and slim features. Being gay in a hyper conservative area, he was often bullied for being gay, and for liking MLP. To top it all off, he was extremely shy.

He wandered into his bedroom, and started watching MLP and then fell asleep slowly.

~~~

When he awoke, he was in...

Equestria?

Ponies passed by and gave him funny looks.

Noah was acutely aware of a building pressure in his lower abdomen.

Sighing, he knew he'd have to find a way to pee somehow. But in Equestria? How?

'Hi!' Said Pinkie Pie

'Are you knew?' She said

'I-I-I' Spluttered Noah.

Noah squeaked, and his bladder contracted suddenly.

He gasped as he pressed his legs together, crushing his penis between his legs.

'yes' Squeaked Noah.

His bladder was rather full and he needed to find a place to pee - now.

'let me show you all my friends' pinkie said

Noah needed to pee first, but he followed Pinkie.

'these are my friends' cried Pinkie

They all talked nicely and greeted each other.

'allow me to get you some cider' Said Applejack

Noah knew that anymore fluids could mean the end of the line for his bladder but he didn't want to be rude. Looking around, there didn't seem to be any outhouses.

Noah drank deep after Applejack got him the cider.

Within moments, it went to his bladder, and Noah started peeing!

Pee ran down his legs. But Noah just managed to get a grip after he'd soaked the front of his shorts significantly.

'if you wanted to pee sugarcube, you could've just told me' she said soothingly. 'the outhouse is there.'

Noah ran to the toilet, gripping his big dick with all his might. He ran in, and started to cry at what he saw.

The toilet was nothing like he could use.

Pee leaked out his penis and he wet himself in the outhouse.

END OF PART ONE

