Avalon 5: Cassandra

Author: Ondinist

*000*2019-08-23 20:11

Morning

Avalon's sun is still below the horizon when it first glints on the thin but immensely strong cables of the space elevator stretching vertically into the night sky. The darkness gradually fades to grey dawn, revealing four large villas standing side by side on raised platforms that project outwards over the sand dunes at one end of a large bay. The snaking line of lights on the landward side of the villas resolves itself into a walkway connecting the villas to a communal building, to the ground station for the space elevator and to a small harbour on the other side of a headland. The sun's disk appears over the eastern horizon and rises into the sky above the jungle, pouring light and warmth into the landscape.

A teenage girl, naked apart from the white panties that highlight her coffee-coloured skin, walks out on to the verandah of the nearest villa and leans on the rail, watching the last remnants of mist fade away and the long expanse of golden beach come into full view below her. Sunlight sparkles on the blue sea and a row of white breakers mark the distant low tide line. An electric-blue dragonfly perches on the rail beside her and spreads its iridescent wings to absorb the sunlight.

After a few moments the girl stretches luxuriously and runs her fingers through her long, wavy black hair. She shifts her stance and starts to pee a long stream through her panties on to the decking between her bare feet.

Behind her an older boy, completely naked, walks quietly out on to the balcony. "Wow, Cassandra, you really needed to go!" he teases. Still in mid-flow, the girl jumps and turns, causing her pee to stream down one leg in a most undignified manner. Startled, the dragonfly takes flight.

"Why must you creep up on people like that, Lorenzo?" Cassandra demands angrily,.

The boy shrugs and takes up station beside her. "You just wish it was Antonio watching you wetting your panties - you know how much he likes it!" he remarks casually, peeing a long, arcing stream on to the sand below the balcony.

Cassandra sticks her tongue out at him. She walks back into her bedroom, leaving a trail of drips across the verandah, and slams the door behind her. "Ariel" she sighs. "What can I do about my infuriating brother?"

"I'm afraid there's nothing to be done, brothers are just a fact of life" the familiar disembodied voice replies soothingly. "But if he gets too annoying, you could just ask how he's getting on with Ophelia."

Cassandra's eyes grow round. "Are Lorenzo and Ophelia....?"

"I couldn't possibly comment" Ariel replies with a hint of smugness in her voice.

Afternoon

After a morning in the schoolroom learning about the biology of the coral reef a few miles out to sea, Bassanio and the cohort of senior students walk over the headland to the harbour. They strip off their tunics - the only other thing any of them is wearing is a pair of swimming briefs - and strap on bulky lifejackets before walking out on to the jetty where Bassanio's open-topped boat is moored.

Claudio and Flavius wander further along the jetty and pee into the water whilst Calpurnia squats down and wets herself. Bassanio waits patiently for them all to finish before they board the boat, where inward-facing seats surround a large area of flat deck.

Antonio and Cassandra have been quite open about their developing relationship so nobody is surprised when they sit together, his arm around her shoulders. Now, as the boat skims over the water towards the distant reef, he has the opportunity to admire the profile of her face, the way her hair billows in the wind and the soft swell of her bare breasts behind her life-jacket.

Once over the reef Bassanio switches the boat's deck to transparent. They have, of course, all made several trips to the reef in the past but the thrill of seeing the colourful and exotic corals, fish and plants beneath the boat never loses its magic. The students sit or kneel on the deck studying the life-forms of the reef beneath them and making notes whilst Bassanio explains that the settlers' early impression that there was only plant life on Avalon proved to be quite wrong - its oceans teem with sea creatures.

A couple of the boys help Bassanio to rig the boat's awning but even so it is hot on the open deck and there is a brisk demand for Bassanio's supply of chilled bottles of water. The students gaze longingly at the cool sea around them but they know they are not allowed to swim there - the water is only a few feet deep, the ecosystem is delicate and the corals are razor-sharp.

Antonio's sister Ophelia breaks off from the group of students and murmurs something quietly to Bassanio. He smiles sympathetically and digs out a bucket from the stowage beneath the boat's bows. Hastily she squats down on it and there is the sound of pee hitting the bottom of the bucket. Claudio and Flavius give Ophelia an ironic cheer as returns to the group, close to tears of embarrassment, a few droplets of pee from her soaked briefs still tracking their way down the insides of her legs. Lorenzo gives her hand a reassuring squeeze.

"I do hope we head back soon" Cassandra murmurs to Antonio. "I'm bursting too but I'm damned if I'm going to use that bucket and be laughed at by those louts."

At long last Bassanio tells them to pack up their notes and return to their seats. He takes down the awning and turns the boat for home. The others squeal and laugh as the boat skims back across the bay, bumping through waves and splashing them with salty spray but Cassandra is withdrawn and silent despite Antonio's arm round her shoulders. Then he feels wet warmth beneath him. "Have you just peed on the seat?" he whispers in her ear.

Cassandra nods apologetically. "I couldn't wait any longer."

Evening

The Friday night barbecue is in full swing and everybody is on the beach enjoying the warmth of the tropical evening. Two droids are busy cooking in the stone-built barbecue kitchen above the high tide line, children are chasing each other and splashing in and out of the shallows whilst the adults and teenagers stand chatting in groups or sit on the warm soft sand to eat and drink. Some of the mothers wear bikinis but the fashion among the teenage girls is to wear nothing more than a pair of swimming briefs on the beach.

Here, as elsewhere on Avalon, nobody bothers with a lavatory just for a pee. Some of the men and boys wander into the sand dunes to relieve themselves, some boys and girls walk down to the sea but others, especially the girls for whom the alternative is more difficult, just walk a short distance away, spread their legs and pee through their briefs.

The children born on Avalon have always wet themselves as a matter of practical convenience and they learn the social rules associated with it - not at the dining table, not to do it too close to other people, not to stare or make comments when somebody else is having a pee, but as they mature they soon discover the sexual dimension. On Avalon, pee play is as natural a part of boy/girl relationships as kissing and petting.

Cassandra's sister Cleopatra - thirteen and, in Cassandra's opinion, about as innocent as her namesake - is holding court with three boys of her age, Florizel, Angelo and Balthazar. Cassandra notices that her sister's body language is signalling that she is bursting for a pee but is determined to ignore it.

She cannot help but admire the way Cleopatra is playing the boys along - nothing too theatrical, just the occasional restless jig, one leg briefly crossing the other or a hand moving down and almost, but not quite, clutching herself, all the while keeping up an animated conversation about something completely different.

It might be Cleopatra's pert little breasts, it might be the way her demure but small, tight-fitting and perfectly dry light blue briefs contrast so effectively with her flawless café-au-lait skin or it might even be what they think - hope - is going to happen if she keeps putting off the inevitable. Whatever it is, she is holding them captivated.

A tiny patch of light blue fabric turns darker. Cleopatra continues her story as though nothing is happening. The patch grows larger and one or two droplets snake their way down the insides of her thighs. Fascinated, the boys watch Cleopatra slowly losing the battle to hold on until the end of her story. Balthazar, for one, is finding it increasingly difficult to conceal the bulge in his own briefs.

Cassandra turns away with a smile. She doubts that the three boys have taken in a single word of Cleopatra's endless narrative and hopes for their sakes that there isn't an exam afterwards.

With the setting sun only just above the horizon, the barbecue starts to wind down. The parents - or at least those who are not already holding an exhausted toddler - are rounding up the younger children and taking them home to bed. Antonio makes his way over to Cassandra and slips his hand into hers. "Shall we take a walk along the beach?"

Cassandra calls over to her parents and Perdita waves an acknowledgement. Sebastian has little Timon riding on his shoulders and Perdita is persuading a reluctant Cleopatra that it really is time for bed - now! Cassandra notices for the first time that her annoying older brother Lorenzo is no longer anywhere to be seen nor, for that matter, is Ophelia.

It is a few hours after high tide and the receding waves have exposed a broad stretch of firm sand around the curve of the bay. Antonio and Cassandra walk hand in hand in quiet companionship, though she cannot resist a friendly wave to her brother when she sees him locked in a passionate embrace with Ophelia, who has clearly just wet herself.

Eventually they reach the trunk of a tree that has been washed up above the high tide line by some long-ago storm. Antonio sits on the log and Cassandra snuggles on to his lap. She gazes soulfully into his eyes. "Have you forgiven me for getting you wet with my pee when I had that accident on the boat earlier?"

Astonished that Cassandra, normally so feisty, seems to be upset by such a trivial thing, Antonio is momentarily at a loss for words. "What? I - um - of course I forgive you! I mean there's nothing to forgive! It was just one of those things! I don't mind at all, honestly..."

Cassandra gives him a long, sensuous kiss. "That's lucky" she murmurs softly as Antonio feels a warm flood in his lap. "Because I'm doing it again."

