Omovember Day 9: Peeing in an alley

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-11 17:25

$$

"Take this!" Impa said as she struck another member of the Yiga clan with her dagger. The Yiga clan member disappeared and another one tried to get the jump on her,but she quickly turned around and stuck said member in the stomach,causing them to disappear. Impa looked around carefully,there were no other Yiga in sight. Regardless,she stayed on her guard. Sneaking up on you is how they get you after all.

Impa was very much on edge. Not only because the Yiga clan could strike at any moment. But because she had to fight them with a full bladder. With her having to be by the Princess' side at all times,she didn't get a lot of opportunities for bathroom breaks. Combined with the amount of elixirs she had drank in order to keep her energy up and yeah,she was pushing herself to her limit right now.

Another Yiga clan member appeared and fired a few arrows at her. Impa dodged and threw a kunai at them,but they quickly disappeared and reappeared,firing another batch of arrows. Impa quickly dodged the arrows. Gritting her teeth while her bladder protested against her quick movements. The Yiga popped up close to her and went in for a swing. But impa summoned a clone and surprise attacked them,causing them to disappear yet again. Impa gripped her weapon and crossed her legs. She looked up ahead and saw Link fighting a few Yiga assassins while Zelda was right behind him. Impa was happy to see the princess was safe,but her bladder quickly made her feel unhappy.

"This isn't good! I need to find a place to pee. I don't know how much longer i can hold it." Impa said to herself. Right on cue,another Yiga assassin appeared. Impa noticed them just in time to dodge yet another swing. She then threw some Kunai to distract them and then stabbed them in the chest. Causing them to disappear.

Impa looked around hastily with her legs rubbing against each. No Yiga assassins had appeared and the group seemed to have moved even further up ahead,where there were more Yiga Assassins. Impa then looked at the buildings surround her. There were plenty of alleys and they all had a lot of junk she could hide behind. Deciding to take her chances,Impa ran inside one of the alleys and jumped towards it.

Impa landed between the buildings and held her hands between her thighs for a few seconds while looking around to make sure the coast was absolutely clear. Once she was sure,she hastily undid her belt and in one swift move,yanked down her shorts and leggings. She then pulled down a dark blue thong and quickly got into a squatting position. Using her hand as support,she looked around one last time and then closed her eyes and leaned her hips forward. A stream of pee jetted out of her body and flew in a slight arc before landing and forming a puddle in front of her. Impa leaned her body forward a bit more and let out a sigh as she let go of all the pressure that had built up inside her body. It was one of many times Impa had held it for long periods of time and much like every other time,it felt so great to release it.

Soon,her stream came to a stop and Impa opened her eyes. It seemed like there was nothing to wipe with at first,but then Impa reached into her jacket and pulled out a tissue.

"Good thing i always keep a few of these." Impa said to herself as she wiped herself clean. With everything taken care of,she pulled her clothes back up and exited the alley carefully.

She continued to walk forward until she saw her allies standing there,laughing while Link was being chased by the weird little guardian they had brought. And next to him was Zelda,completely unharmed. Another wave of relief went through Impa's body as she approached the group.

"Oh! Impa,there you are. Where were you? Zelda asked. Impa blushed and looked around.

"I had seen a few Yiga assassins back there. So i uhh..decided to get rid of them." Impa said. The princess seemed to have bought the excuse,judging by her smile.

"The rest of the clan has retreated. We're safe for now." Zelda said.

