New Jeans Challenge [male omorashi with light femdom vibes]

Author: omo_goblin

*000*2025-04-01 20:45

Hi! This is a story/fantasy I made up in which a girlfriend makes her boyfriend (me/the narrator) wet himself. Enjoy!

"Oh yes! I like those ones. You should get them"

'Really? I think they're a little tight.'

"No! They're perfect! You always wear such baggy clothes, those jeans look so good on you. Look how cute your butt looks in them!"

She pointed to the mirror in the fitting room.

My girlfriend Carly usually had me waiting for her outside the dressing room, but this time she insisted on helping me find some new clothes.

I craned my neck around to check myself out in the mirror, these jeans were definitely slimmer than I was used to, but she was right. They fit nicely, though a bit snug. They had a light wash and button-fly, which I'd had some trouble fastening since up until then I'd only worn jeans with a zipper.

"Yeah I guess so, maybe I should get another size up though, they're a little tight in the waist, especially when I sit down."

'Hmmm they should stretch a bit after you break them in. They should stay up without a belt, trust me!'

"Idunno--"

'Frank! Don't you trust me?' Carly said as she looked at me with her big brown eyes.

She played with a lock of her hair and cocked her head, and crossed her arms. It was the pose she always made to get her way, which wasn't hard. I simply found her too cute to resist.

Today she was wearing a red, plaid skirt and black pantyhose, with a white blouse and her favorite pair of black boots, and I had always been a sucker for a girl in a skirt.

"Yeah, you're right! You're the fashion expert after all." I began fumbling through the inside of the jeans to find the price tag.

"Oh my god, $139! For jeans?? No thank you". I began undoing the buttons and pulling a leg out.

'Baaabe you deserve them! Tell ya what: I'll buy them for ya!' she rested her elbow on my shoulder as a smile spread across her face.

"Really?" I said, as I began to grin. I truly did have the best girlfriend on the planet.

'Yep! But I have a challenge for you I'd like you to complete'

She placed a hand on the back of my shoulder and slid slowly let it slide down towards my hip.

"Okay, you're on. What's the challenge?" I replied, not knowing what I'd gotten myself into.

Carly stepped out into the dressing room hallway and grabbed her purse. Inside she had a bottle of iced tea.

'Drink this! Bet you can't finish it in under a minute.'

I grabbed the bottle, its width almost too much for one hand.

"Holy shit this is a liter! I didn't know they sold tea in bottles this big"

Carly put a hand on the bottle beginning to undo the cap.

'I know right? I thought tea was your favorite.'

I took the bottle in both hands and undid the cap myself.

"It is! This is just...a lot of tea! But okay, I'll give it a go. Ready?"

Carly pulled her phone out of her pocket and held the screen up, stopwatch app at the ready.

'Okay... 3, 2, 1, chug!'

I put the bottle to my lips and tilted it skyward, guzzling like I'd never guzzled before. But it was too much liquid, several times the tea spilled down my chin and even dripped onto my black t-shirt. I put the tea down, taking a couple of gasps for air, and then started drinking again.

'Cmon Frank! You got this! 20 seconds left!' Carly jumped up and down like a cheerleader, her hair bouncing up and down in a way I can only describe as adorable.

I tried to finish, taking another break to breathe, and then made the final push, bottle completely upside down as I finished the last of the tea. Panting, and wiping the excess from my face, I asked her, "Phew, how'd I do?"

She turned the phone screen to show me, 1 minute and 46 seconds had elapsed.

"Ah man, well I was planning to buy my own clothes anyway." I said with a shrug.

'Awwww but I seriously love those jeans on you! Let me get them for you anyway. Maybe we'll think of a new challenge.' Carly said, as she administered a playful slap to my ass.

I cracked a smile, Carly knew all my buttons and how to push them.

"Okay! You gotta deal babe." I kissed her on the cheek.

We headed to the checkout counter, Carly paid. She took the bag and handed it off to me before she told the clerk:

'Actually, I think he's going to wear them out of the store, is that okay?' The clerk nodded, and said it wouldn't be a problem.

Carly looked at my and jostled the bag a bit, I took the jeans back to the fitting room and slid back into them.

When I returned Carly was ready to head to the food court for a snack and some coffee. As we walked over there, I felt a slight urge to pee as tea began to trickle down into my bladder.

We arrived to the coffeeshop to find a line that must have been 15 or 20 people long. I could feel my need to use the bathroom growing, so I told Carly, "Wow, that's a long line. Why don't you get your coffee and I'll hit the bathroom while you wait in line?"

I could see a smirk form at the corner of Carly's mouth, she looked up into my eyes and said 'Nooo don't! C'mon, it won't take that long. You can hold it.'

I was hesitant, but I would have felt like a bad partner, leaving her in a long line all by herself. So we entered the line. About 5 minutes had passed and more people began to get behind us as the line slowly progressed at the front. I could feel the tight waistband of the jeans beginning to dig into my lower belly as my bladder grew fuller. I must have been fidgeting quite a bit because Carly began to notice.

'Dancing there a little babe? Ooh you really gotta pee huh?'

"Oof, yeah its getting there. Too much tea!" I replied, as I noticed I'd been slowly rocking a bit and bending my knees.

'Well, here's the challenge I've come up with! All you have to do is hold it until we get home!' She said, bumping her hip into mine.

I winced at the sudden jostle, and began to realize how badly I needed to pee.

"Oh, yeah that sounds fair. But let's head home after this coffee stop, okay?" I asked, not wanting to let her know of my growing desperation.

'Aww but I wanted to hit another store! But I guess if you really can't hold it, we can go home. You better not pee in those pants though! hehehe'

The line for the coffee counter moved at a snails pace, I began checking the time only to feel that each passing minute took longer and longer. All the while, my bladder was reaching its limit. I bent over slightly to alleviate some of the pressure, I tried not to rock from side to side or bend my knees with so many people around. How embarrassing would that be, doing the pee-dance in the mall for everyone to see?

Finally, it was our turn to order.

'One medium vanilla iced latte, aaaaand a large iced coffee with almond milk please!' Carly told the cashier.

"Oh no I don't wan--" I began, before feeling Carly's hand squeeze mine.

'Both drinks please! We'll save it for later. I think my boyfriend just has to go pee!'

The cashier chuckled, Carly paid, and we stepped to the side to wait for the coffee.

I felt my face flush with embarrassment as I saw the cute, female barista turn around to chat with her coworkers. She had tattoos up and down both arms and a pierced nose. She must have been telling them about the guy who was trying not to wet himself in line with his girlfriend.

Carly received the coffees just a few minutes after she had ordered, she immediately handed me mine.

"Did you have to say that in front of the barista?" I asked, a little irked.

'Oh, sorry Frank but you kind of look like your bursting anyway, dancing around like that.' she said as she looked down at my crossed legs and then back up to my eyes.

"Its okay, no big deal. Lets go though, I seriously have to piss." I began walking quickly out of the food court.

'Wait! Just a sec.' I turned to watch Carly bent down, tying the laces of one of her boots.

I began to get impatient, and leaned on a trash can as I tried to look casual, bending over and sliding a hand down my jeans to keep from fidgeting obviously.

My bladder was throbbing.

Carly caught up to me and leaned in close. 'Drink your coffee babe.' She said.

"Carly, please. I.." not wanting to say the words out loud. But with each step I couldn't help but groan just a little, as we made our way to the parking garage.

'You what? You can't hold it?' She said, almost in a baby-talk voice, teasing me.

"I don't want any more liquid! Especially not coffee!" I replied back, trying to keep my composure.

'That's the challenge! Come on, just try for me. Pleeeaaase?' She cocked her head to the side, bent a knee, and placed her free hand underneath the coffee cup in my hand gently raising it up to my lips.

I began to suck coffee down through the straw. I didn't know why Carly was so into this silly challenge, but I played along. She was always a good sport to my shenanigans, and these jeans did cost a lot.

'Good boy.' She said, stepping in front of me to lead us to the car.

We must have walked for a good ten minutes to get to the parking garage entrance, each step sent a shockwave up to my full, aching bladder. I had begun to breathe a bit heavily, and noticed that I was groaning in between steps.

Carly stopped at a directory sign in front of the garage entrance, studying the map.

'Hmmmmm where did I park....' she said, tapping a finger to chin, as if she was in deep thought.

"C. We parked in section C. Now come on lets go, Carly!" I said, desperation seeping into my voice. I was almost completely doubled over at this point, I couldn't stand up straight with out raising a knee and crossing it over my other leg. There was almost no one around to see, so I didn't care much. I just had to piss like a race horse.

'Oh you're right babe! Okay, come on now, finish your coffee and we can go to the car.'

I groaned and held the cup up to my lips, it was nearly empty, and all of the caffeine had drained down into my aching bladder, tingling all throughout my lower abdomen and dick.

"Babe, I really don't think I can hold it. I need to go to the bathroom, like right now." I said to Carly, pleading.

Carly placed a hand on my chest, gently rubbing my shirt. She leaned in and whispered in my ear, 'Awww babe, I love watching you squirm like this. You're doing so good! Come on, drink your coffee, you can do it.'

I sucked down the last of the coffee, my bladder screaming at me. I closed my eyes as a wave of desperation and pain washed over me, and could feel Carly's hand slowly begin to rub my crotch through the jeans.

She giggled and said 'There we go, and look, you're still dry.' She turned and began to walk towards the car.

I followed behind, hobbling and half bent over. I looked at Carly's athletic, curvy ass to keep my mind off the throbbing of my overfilling bladder.

Carly looked back every ten seconds or so to smile and giggle at me, she must have been amused at my pee dancing and obvious struggle to not piss myself, but I could tell there was something else. She looked turned on.

Each step became more painful than the last, I looked around in different corners for somewhere to relieve myself, to finally pee all of this liquid Carly had convinced me to drink for her amusement.

At last, we reached Carly's car. I leaned against the side of it and jammed my hand into my crotch, the other hand placed onto the roof of the car as I bent over and began to bounce up and down in desperation, nearly sitting down on my heel and curling up for a few seconds at a time. I could hear the contents of Carly's purse jingle and jostle as she looked for her keys for what felt like full minutes. She pulled them out and unlocked her door.

"Carly! Come on, I need to pee. This isn't funny anymore, I think I'm gonna piss myself. For real!" As I wrestled my hand between my thighs and dick I could feel warm dampness, spread across my underwear. I began to leak.

Carly looked up from her purse and saw me, bent over, holding my crotch and bouncing up and down on one knee, trying not to wet myself like a little boy who waited too long to go to the bathroom.

'Aww babe you look so cute right now. I still can't get over how good your ass looks in those jeans.' She said, smacking my ass again.

I winced at impact of her hand, and felt warmth begin to trickle down my thigh.

"Ugh, no. Fuck!"

Carly's jaw dropped, then pulled her mouth back up into a wild grin. She crouched down to look at my crotch, pointed.

'Oh nooo! You totally peed a little in your pants! You're leakingggg! Oh my god hahaha.'

She reached her hand out and softly groped my crotch through my jeans, pressing the fabric into my wet underwear, forming a small wet patch right in the middle of my crotch.

I hunched over, staying completely still for a few seconds, groaning as I clenched every muscle in my body. Trying to stay as dry as possible.

"Yeah, just a little, I can hold the rest come on," I said, panting and standing up straight, "Let's go!"

Carly got into the driver's seat, I hobbled around to the passenger side door, I needed to stop once I got around to my side, to crouch down, bouncing my knee like the goddamn energizer bunny. I composed myself and reached for the handle and pulled.

But it was locked. I could see Carly sitting in her seat, neatly placing her purse down beside her, and taking her sweet time to fasten her seat belt.

She had only unlocked her door!

I was bent over, yanking on the outside door handle repeatedly like a maniac.

I rapped on the window with my open palm and shouted through the window, "Carly! Come on, let me in. Please! I've never had to piss so bad in my life!"

Any semblance of calm had left my voice, I was truly desperate.

Carly looked at me and smiled. She slowly inserted her key into the ignition, and turned the car on. Then she reached her hand over to the control buttons in the side door and rolled the window down.

'What's that babe? Sorry, did you say something?'

I couldn't wait. I couldn't hold it anymore. I needed to pee now. I began to tug at the first button on the fly of the jeans, my hands trembled as I struggled, unable to get the button undone. My bladder was bulging to far out, making the button nearly impossible to unfasten.

Panicking, I yanked on the waistband of the jeans, then the at the pockets. All the while, nearly hopping from foot to foot. Bringing one knee up at a time and crossing it over, as I used both hands to try and tug the jeans down.

I started to lose control, I felt another spurt of hot piss jet from dick down my leg, making a big streak.

Carly pointed and laughed. 'Uh-oh babe! Are you having an accident? Hahahaha!'

"No! I-- ahhhgh, fuck! shit." But I was.

I was having a complete accident. I jammed my hand further into my crotch is a hopeless effort to hold the rest of the pee in, I could feel the warm piss gush into the crotch of my new jeans, soaking the front of the pants and dampening my hand.

I pulled my hand away and stood up straight, taking a step away from the car in disbelief. But I just couldn't stop peeing.

My bladder and muscles surrounding it gave out, a cascade of clear, hot pee flooded through the tight jeans. A dark wet patch rapidly spread through the fabric in the crotch, and then rushed down my left thigh, some trickled down the right side of my crotch.

I could hear the sound of it hitting the concrete, almost like a distant rain shower.

I sighed as relief and warmth washed over me. I bent over slightly and shuddered as the last of my bladders contents flowed into the light wash denim and began pooled on the concrete floor of the parking garage. I felt more physical relief, than I did shame for having wet myself, as a man in his late twenties.

But I still felt humiliated.

My face blushed bright red and my ears felt red hot. I looked down at the mess I'd made all over my jeans and beat up sneakers.

"Oh my fucking God, I can't believe I just--. I fucking pissed myself. Is this what you wanted Carly?"

I looked up to meet Carly's intense stare. She looked at my soaked jeans, then up at my bright red face. Then down to the pool of piss beneath my sneakers.

'Babe. That was... so. HOT! Ohmygod. You did SO good. Such a goooood boy. You are the besttttt.' She reached into the back seat, and pulled out a towel and laid it out on the passenger seat, then she placed the shopping bag with my old pair of jeans on top of it.

Why did she have a towel?? Had she...planned this from the start? I picked my jaw up off the floor and began to change into the dry pants in between cars, thankfully there were no witnesses to my wetting.

I got into the passenger seat and sighed, ready to be done with this day, but curious about Carly's fascination with me peeing my pants.

'Let's get you home and all cleaned up babe. I think you've earned something a little more than just the jeans!' Carly said, as she placed her hand on my thigh and let her fingers wander towards my crotch, pressing the fabric to feel my soaked underwear and cock underneath.

I placed my hand on top of hers.

"Even though I pissed in them?" I couldn't help but say with a chuckle.

Carly leaned over, planting a kiss on my cheek.

'Especially because you pissed in them babe. Can't wait to go shopping for shorts when summer time rolls around!' she said with a smile, as her other hand rubbed my neck and began to scratch at my hair.

"Oh god, I don't know if I'm ever letting you buy me clothes again Carly!" I replied, I couldn't help but smile.

Carly cocked her head to the side once more, and looked me in the eyes, as she always did when she wanted to get her way.

'Pleeeaase?'

