Vibradora! A Tale of Hermione Granger's Sexual Awakening

Author: OmoJack

*000*2020-01-01 07:47

Happy New Year all, in this story we take a look at the budding sexuality of Ms. Hermione Granger. We follow along as she discovers a new hobby that brings her a lot of pleasure..

Hermione's curly hair was sticking to the sweat on her forehead. Same went for her bare thighs on her stool. Bare only because she didn't want anything else to leak out of her and soak into her skirt. Giving away her predicament. See, all the students were sweating in herbology today because it was quite warm but Hermione had other reasons. She needed a wee. Badly. She had a lot of pumpkin juice at breakfast and spent her free , who would do the work for her group? Harry? Not likely. Ron? Get serious. Her usual high marks were at stake here! If she had to wet her panties in the process of getting them, so be it. Besides, that thought had suddenly became exciting. Wait, why would that excited her? Especially in...THAT way? It made no sense.

She could ruin her reputation. Not that she was ever thought of as popular but there was no way she could live down something like that. Especially with the Slytherins in attendance. More excitement... "What the hell is going on here?" Hermione thought to herself, trying to keep her concentration. She was very inexperienced when it came to sexual arousal. She had masturbated a few times but never reached orgasm. Even after she learned that nifty spell in Modern Witch. But this was indeed the beginnings of sexual arousal. She was damp and not just from her dribble or the sweat. Hermione had figured that she hadn't orgasmed when experimenting because she hadn't found anything to focus on that she found "interesting". This couldn't be turning her on, right? Maybe it was the fact that instead of bouncing about as, she normally would when she had to go, she was subtly grinding herself into the stool? Yes of course that was it! "Silly girl" she thought of herself.

The grinding wasn't helping much anymore though. Her, erm, area was beginning to burn and she absolutely couldn't hold still. If Harry and Ron weren't distracted by a conversation about the upcoming quidditch match, they definitely would have noticed. Embarrassment was starting to override everything at this moment. She couldn't have an accident at her age. It was absurd! But now that she thought of it, it seemed inevitable. She would have to make it from the greenhouses, across the grounds to the castle, then to a bathroom. Hermione looked to the clock. Still 10 minutes. Impossible, she thought. She'd never make it. She had to find an alternative. Hermione was the most clever girl in her class after all.

Since she had finished the project Hermione spent those last 10 minutes thinking of ways not to piss herself in front of not only her friends and housemates but the Slytherins! Hagrid's maybe? His hut was closer, but Harry and Ron would definitely want to tag along. Leaving her with an audience once more. Excitement again? She shook that thought with 2 minutes in class, and judging from the pain in her swollen bladder, MAYBE 3 minutes of dry knickers left. Hermione had no time for such thoughts.

As the bell rang Hermione decided she would hang back and pretend to get extra help everybody knew she didn't need. Then make a run, who was she kidding at this point, a hobble to Hagrid's and hope to Merlin she made it there dry and before Harry or Ron noticed where she was headed.

Brrrng! Everyone, except Hermione began to leave. "C'mon Hermione the doors this way", Ron said sarcastically. "I've got to ask Professor Sprout a question, I'll catch up." At first she thought she was caught due to the need to cross her legs after she stood and the quiver in her voice when she spoke. But with a simultaneous shrug Harry and Ron left for the castle. Hermione could barely wait for everyone to file out the greenhouse door before burying a hand in her school skirt to hold her crotch. "Oh Merlin's beard!" She thought to her self as a short yet powerful spurt of her own making met her palm even through her underwear and skirt. She really wasn't going to make it was she?

Finally everyone was off towards the castle and Hermione made her way to Hagrid's hut. It was a long, extremely damp hobble/jog. Upon reaching, and knocking on, Hagrid's front door she was greeted with the enormous bark of Fang. The shock sent another powerful spurt into her palm, which she hand now planted directly on her panty clad crotch under her skirt. There was now a rivulet of urine centimeters from reaching her sock on her left leg. Still no Hagrid. Hermione knocked again another bark, for which she was ready for this time, but no answer. She was sweating profusely now. So she decided to ditch her school robe. Bad idea! Taking the pressure of her crotch was the final straw. Hermione was out of time.

Now constantly losing short powerful bursts of pee into her underwear and down her legs, she dropped her robe and lifted her skirt. Heading for Hagrid's garden completely exposed from the waste down save for her knickers, which were from the "sexy" end of Hermione's drawer but still covered the parts they were supposed to fully. Really the only thing thing slightly risque about was that they had only a single string of hot pink elastic on each side connecting the not quite baby blue but definitely not royal blue cotton of the front and back front and back. If anybody were to look her direction they'd have seen more of teenage Hermione than anyone ever had. Not to mention her light yellow water beginning to spill down her long, naturally tan legs.

Upon reaching the garden, Hermione was in full fountain mode. It was really happening! She was wearing herself. When she felt her toes get warm she decided she better try to save her shoes a bit and squatted. Not much of a squat really. Honestly she had just stuck out her bum enough for her powerful flow, broken into about 4 streams of different size, to go straight through her panties to the dirt instead of straight down her legs. It still went down her legs but not nearly as much. Red faced and panting Hermione emptied her aching bladder. Excitement was definitely evident now. Hermione should be distraught. Her panties are soaked to the elastic in the front and more than halfway up her bum but instead of tears welling in her eyes something else was welling deep inside her.

As her flow stopped, and all that was left was multiple tendrils running down each leg with the occasional drip from her saturated undergarments, Hermione noticed one thing. She was hot, but not from the sun that was overhead. She an uncontrollable desire to touch herself. Before she succumbed though, she thought back to Modern Witch. A naughty grin formed in her lips. Tucking her skirt under her left arm, she used her right to pull out her wand. With a shaky voice Hermione said "Vibradora!"

The tip of her wand became thicker and it sprang to life. Vibrating so hard she almost dropped it. She took a quick look around to make she was still alone before placing the wand between her legs. Not even bothering to insert it inside herself or underwear, Hermione held it firm and begin to slowly gyrate her hips so the practically dancing wand rubbed gently up and down her her delicate opening. It only took about 10 seconds of what could only be described as humping for Hermione to reach her first climax. It was absolute bliss! She began to shudder head to toe, her face got redder, and her panties wetter. (How was that even possible?!) At first the only sound she made was you might call a squeak as she bit her lip. Giving into the sensation though, Hermione began to moan "mmm mmm uhh ugh ohh ohhh Oh Merlin!"

"Hermione, tha' you?" It was Hagrid! "Yes,Hagrid, it's me! I'll be right there!"

"Shit!" Hermione thought to herself, reverting back to her muggle vocabulary for a second. She had to think fast. The clean up spell she needed had escaped the usually infallible Hermione Granger. What could she tell Hagrid? The truth? He would definitely keep her secret. Especially if she were to shed some tears which were already on the way out of frustration over the lost spell. What's that? Excitement again? Somebody knowing what she had just done to her knickers, well one of the things she did to them, gave her more pleasure than it should have. Merlin's beard, she had to tell him now.

Having already replaced her skirt to it's rightful place, she quickly did the same to her wand and went to meet Hagrid at the front of his hut. Sniffling Hermione said "hello Hagrid."

"Hermione, wha's wrong? Yes alrigh'?"

"I.. I've had an accident." She responded. "Accident? Yer not hurt are ye?" Hagrid asked dropping the crossbow he'd had on his shoulder and approaching Hermione. "I'm fine Hagrid. It.. it wasn't that type of accident." Her stomach was was doing backflips. Was she really about to do this? "Whew, ye scared me, ye did! Sounded like a dementor had got ya. All that moaning. What's happened then?" It was now or never. She may never have this opportunity again.

Hermione, who had already been nervously clutching at her skirt, grabbed it by the hem and lifted it to her waist. "Hermione! The bloody hell are ye doin'?" Hagrid exclaimed, as he started to hide his face. Too late. He had seen what she had intended him to. "Oh! Oh, Hermione I see. Cover yourself. How'd this happen?" Hermione dropped her skirt and frantically said, "I drank a lot of pumpkin juice, then I studied all through break, and then I was doing all the work for Ron and Harry in herbolo-"

"Easy now, easy now. I think I got the picture. But what are you doing down here?" Hagrid asked. "I knew I couldn't make it back up to the castle, but... You weren't home" she said tearfully and only half acting. "Hermione, I'm sorry but I don't know what I can do for ye now. You know I'm not supposed ter do magic, or I'd clean ye up."

"It's ok Hagrid, I know the proper spells. Could.. could this be our secret though?" She asked. " O 'course" replied Hagrid. Putting his enormous finger to his lips. "Shhh" and he winked. Hermione smiled, wiped her tears, scooped up her school robe, and turned toward the castle. "Oh, and Hermione?" She turned to look at him once more. "Keep yer skirt down, eh?" Hermione giggled and went about her way. Still squelching in her shoes. Her excitement fully returning now. She was going to have a lot of fun with the flustered look on Hagrid's reddened face tonight.

Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed. You tell me, shall we continue with the take of Hermione's sexuality? Do dig further into what excites her? Will she fullfil her desire to be watched? Will she find more excitement in humiliating others? Or have you heard enough?

