Short story - Restraint

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2021-08-02 06:43

First time writing, I wanted to try it out since the kinky voices in my head don't stop screaming. If you'd like, tell me what you think about it, criticism appreciated!

###

Characters:

Yuta [M] - 20 y/o, the restrainer, the boyfriend, the one in control, and likes to see his girlfriend desperate.

Mali [F] - 19 y/o, the holder, the girlfriend, and the one who acts truly desperate when in reality she secretly really enjoys it.

(They don't know that they're both into omo things)

###

It's a mildly hot summer day, no one dares to wear extra or long clothes, mini fans are on, and drinks are abundant.

Yuta and Mali sit around at Mali's house and lounge looking at Tweetter, reading manga, playing 2-player Switch games; the norm. The day goes on, Yuta drinking a considerable amount less than Mali, but still heading to the restroom once in the early afternoon. Mali on the other hand, drinks avidly without thinking much about it - Cokes, sparkling waters, tea, and so on - and overly engrossed with her activities with her important other, she pays no mind to the creeping rise in pressure in her bladder. Eventually, a typical wave of boredom ends up hitting both of them within minutes of each other during the afternoon, likely aided by the heat they're faced with. Shortly, Mali begins to fidget . . .

###

Mali: exhaling haaah~ . . . hnng...

Yuta: What's up?

Mali: I'm gonna have to go to the bathroom in a second.

Yuta: hmmm...is that so?

Yuta quickly comes up with a scheme . . .

Y: Care for another round of Mauro Kart?

M: I'll...be right back first-

Yuta quickly shuffles himself between her and the door.

M: ehhh...? What's this you're doing now?

Y: Alluding to the bathroom Not before you win a race.

M: Ah, fine, no big deal. You're not very hard to win against, so I don't mind.

And so Mali lets her cockiness get to her.

M: [After 1 game] Gahh! Lucky win Yu, but it's no problem.

[After 3 games] becoming restless and nervous Damnit...how did you not fall off the track on lap 3?!

[After 5 games] moving around, lightly kicking her legs Dahh! Screw it! Screw your game! I'm going to the bathroom now-

Mali stands awkwardly, and Yuta quickly mimics with more stability.

Y: Not so fast...

M: Nggh~ come on! I really need to go!

Mali is now leaning forward concealing some of her pressure and also making an attempt to move through Yuta. She comes to realize though, that moving so vigorously makes her want to pee even more.

M: Yuta, this is getting~...kinda serious..!

Y: And so am I... He joltingly presses lightly on her stomach-groin region.

M: eeEK!!

Silently after her exclaim, Mali feels a few drops seep from her pussy, and into her leggings. Having neglected underwear due to the heat, a small, darker spot forms but is not yet visible by either of the two. She retracts from Yuta, her head down, concentrating on keeping her composure, and her day's beverages, in.

M: s-some came out...

Y: Really...just now? Under his breath just as planned... A point from beneath his shorts starts to grow in size

M: Noticing, embarrassed and yet excited, turns away You creep...

Yuta calmly stands in the opened doorway, observing the weakened girl, who tries to wait in their room to attempt to relieve herself of some of the pressure, but alternatively backfires on herself, allowing the pressure to build more. Mali now breathes heavily, knowing what she has to do. Outside of the doorway to the right is the short hallway to the bathroom. All she needs to do is knock Yuta off balance enough to sprint by him and onto the toilet, where she'd let go of all of her stress.

Just thinking about the toilet made her need to go more. With most of her remaining effort, Mali unsuspiciously creeps toward her boyfriend and suddenly shoves his upper body back, causing him to step back enough for Mali to bolt through the doorframe and into the hall. She begins to book it to the bathroom, but without that last ounce of effort, she stagers, allowing Yuta to grab her wrist and stop her from making more progress. She struggles to push forward but soon sweeps herself off her feet as a result, and falls to her knees . . .

M: Spurt...squirt...(In a high pitch) Mnnn-!~

She immediately forces her collapsed legs together, covering her pussy with her one free hand tightly, repeatedly telling herself Stop stop stop! Her leggings now have a larger spot, a visible spotted area near her butt, and a moist circular area in the front. A few drops manage to soak through Mali's hand and onto the wood floor. Yuta watches with pleasure, his grip unwavering in strength.

Y: You only needed to win that one game, and you wouldn't be in this situation.

M: Shivering D--amn you...I'm n-nearly pissing myself over here...w-w-well I already sorta did...but that's besides the point!

Mali's last reserve of holding it in was nearing its limit, considering how much energy she had just exerted at once. She manages to raise herself to her feet, slowly rising, keeping her legs tight, her hand pushing down hard, and her feet slowly spread beneath her. Step by step she inches forward. Yuta knows that at this point, Mali no longer needs to be restrained with how close she already is to peeing herself, and watches as she desperately makes her way closer to her goal.

Suddenly, Mali's last line of defense gives in, and feels the pressure coming. She starts shaking, stumbling quicker, brief gushes of warm fluid trickling in and through her leggings, her hands doing no good to prevent the flow. A trail is left behind, growing in size by the second. Mali manages to make her way into the doorframe of the bathroom, her salvation in sight. She allows her hands to move from her pussy to the sides of the doorframe, barely able to stand, despite the steady bursts soaking her inner thighs.

M: NGH- HAH- NGAHH~ c'mon...!

Lost in a blind panic, Mali fails to notice Yuta approaching from behind her. With a swift motion, Yuta's fingers come up and through her exposed legs and straight onto her pussy.

M: NNNNGGGGGAHHH~~~

Mali's crotch relaxes, and her river is released in full force. The stretching dark spot becomes a dark stream branching off down her legs, a stream of warm pee shooting down onto both the wood of the hallway, the tile of the bathroom, and Yuta's carefully positioned hand. Mali's gushes turned into a loud trembling hiss, Mali letting out a slurry of sighs and moans from both her shock and thorough relief. She trembles and slowly loses her balance, falling to the ground midway through her relieving. A puddle, no, a small lake forms around her legs, ripples spreading in an outward fashion.

As the force subsided, and silence grew once again, a twitching Mali looked down at her piss-soaked leggings, breathing slowly and heavily. She had wet herself in front of her boyfriend, and had to tell him the truth.

M: heheheh...I came a little when you grabbed me...

Y: Realizing Oohh. You liked that?

M: Quietly a-and a lot when I pissed myself~

Y: I'll take that as a win-win.

M: Do you...mind if we do that more in the future?

END

