Legacies Omorashi

Author: octavia

*000*2019-12-14 15:44

Part 1 :

Josie was thinking. She didn’t know how to feel about what Penelope, her girlfriend, had revealed her. She was into omorashi. Josie thought it was perfectly normal to have a fetish but she was questioning wether she should try it or not. Penelope wouldn’t force her but she didn’t know if it was something she would enjoy. After a while, she decided it was worth a shot. She didn’t want to disappoint Penelope so she wanted to try to hold her pee alone to know how long she could last and what were her limits. The only problem was Lizzie. She hated Penelope and she would be so mad if she found out what her sister was doing just to please her. Josie had to wait for Lizzie to be away.

The perfect moment arrived about 2 days later. Lizzie was going to be out of town for the day to see a new therapist with their dad. Josie had plenty of time. She woke up and decided it was better to have her morning pee so Lizzie wouldn’t be suspicious because she was fidgeting. She entered in the bathroom linked to hers and lizzie’s bedroom, knowing she was taking her last pee for hours. Afterwards she got dressed. She decided to wear a light blue jeans and a neckline red t-shirt.

« Wow Jo, you look cute today ! Is it for Satan ? »

« No Lizzie, I’m gonna stay in my room and study today. »

« If you say so... I gotta go, see you tonight sis ! »

And just like that she was gone. Josie went to the kitchen and had breakfast, pancakes and a huge glass of water. While she was leaving, she ran into Penelope.

« Hey JoJo. »

« Hey. How are you this morning ? »

« Tired, want to hang out later to keep me awake ? »

« Sorry, I can’t. I really have to study but maybe tomorrow, okay ? »

« Okay, have a great day »

Penelope kissed her and entered the kitchen. Josie couldn’t help but notice that her girlfriend was fidgeting a lot this morning and deep down she knew she probably had to pee which gave her motivation to achieve her project.

She went back in her room and opened a bottle of water. She drinked it while watching V-Wars on her laptop. She hesitated but ultimately chose not to drink another one right now. She had to go back to the kitchen for lunch and she didn’t want anyone to find out about what she was doing. After two episodes she felt a twinge in her bladder. She had to pee but it was far from urgent. An hour later, she was making a sandwich and taking it back to her room with others bottles of water. Her need had increased but it was still bearable. She went back to her tv show and try not to think about peeing.

2 hours and 3 bottles of water later, it was all she could think about. She was far from her limits but she definitely couldn’t ignore her need anymore. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs repeatedly and her bladder felt really full. She was glad to be alone. She opened a book and tried to read it to change her mind but it was far from easy. She almost lost control when her knock on her bedroom door surprised her.

”Josie ? It’s Hope. Lizzie said I could step by to borrow some of her books for the test on monday. Can you open the door ? »

« Yeah, sure. Just wait a minute. »

Josie stood up for the first times in hours and she resisted the need to shave her hands between her legs. Damn, it was worse than she could. She opened the door and Hope bursted in.

« Hi, it’ll just take a minute. »

« Do what you need to do. »

The redhead stared going trough the books and Josie noticed that she was shifting from side to side. Does she have to pee ? Josie herself kept her tights pressed again each other. She was shaking but was trying to look casual. Suddenly Hope jumped on her feet, her hand really close to her crotch and looked at her.

“Can I please use your bathroom ? I was at the Mystic Grill with Landon and I had 2 milkshakes but I didn’t go to the toilet before leaving. I thought I’d be okay but I swear I’m going to burst!”

”Yeah...s-sure...”

”Thank you !”

She ran to the bathroom and Josie was glad she was gone because she was free to do a pee dance to help her hold it. However she changed her mind once Hope started peeing. The sound just make her even more desperate than she already was. When Hope came out, Josie tried to stand still and faked a smile.

« I feel much better. I’m just gonna go now. See you !”

”Bye”

Josie closed the door and started to fidget even more than before. She had to use the toilet but she couldn’t. She had an idea. She did a spell to lock the door to her bathroom for an hour. She had been holding for 4 hours and she had drink way too much. She had to end this as soon as possible. She drank the last bottle of water she had and she waited.

30 minutes later she was sure she was about to reach her limits. The only problem? The spell would still last for half an hour. By now, her bladder hurted and her legs were bouncing up and down. Josie had a crazy idea. She challenged herself to spend the next 30 minutes standing up. She got up and immediately had to put both of her hands on her crotch to keep all the pee inside her.

10 minutes before the spell worn out, she wasn’t able to stand still at all and a leak escaped her peehole. She grabbed her crotch harder and ran to the bathroom door. She was determined to wait until the end of the spell but as soon as it was over she would run to the toilet.

Finally, she was able to go in. She had leaked two more times and her panties were wet. She unbuttoned her jeans and started peeing before her butt even touch the toilet. The feeling of relief she felt was nearly orgasmic. She definitely was going to try more of this with Penelope...

Hey sorry this is my first story and english isn’t my mother tongue so it’s kinda... Let me know if you enjoyed this anyway and if I should continue

