The study

Author: Omopees

*000*2020-10-25 22:18

“Alright if there aren’t any question, I think we’ll leave it here.Remember finish up reading The stranger and start to think about how Camus and Sartre's philosophy differ. Does existence come before essence? Does the ends justify the means, next week we’ll be looking at that famous debate Between the two and see who’s holds more substantial evidence “ if one were to attempt to describe Gewn’s life that diatribe about existential philosophy was an apt place to start. Her life was just that lectures, work ,homework, maybe go to a party once in awhile, rinse and repeat. The monotony of it all was getting to her. So when she saw a sign up to participate in a clinical study to “stimulate human sexual response centres using atypical properties” she was in a mood to see what this odd study was all about , because if anything it might be something to do that wasn’t part of the soul crushing Moronity of it all.

The study was held at the Squat psychology centre right next to the humanities building, so it wasn’t much of a trek to it. The building it’s self was although only a couple of stories tall expansive, lot of tinny offices and lectures halls and labs making the place a variable maze. But after asking help form a undergrad she manged to finally find the lab. There were probably about a dozen people waiting in the waiting room. Paranoidly looking around the room wondering if the test all ready started. As she sat down, a man who looks to be in his late 20s early 30s dispute all ready having salt and pepper hair. walk in and started to talk.

“Alright as I’m sure you all know common wisedom goes that human sexuality is somewhat immutable, if your gay your gay, if you into being tied up your into being tied up and so on, and altho there’s nothing wrong with those things, if your interest is Niche enough it can be quite isolating. Higher rates of anxiety and depression occurre as well as higher rates of suicidal ideations. So figuring out how to either rope a person into the fetish. say your wife is into edging but you can’t quite get into the it and it causes conflict in the relationship or removing the kink will help a lot of peopl. so that’s why your here to help people well be hopefully giving you and then removing various kinks any questions?”

*001*2020-10-25 22:37

Depending on the engagements/ how my actual philosophy classes goes I’ll probably be updating this regularly

