Trouble at work

Author: omowritter

*000*2022-06-17 14:33

Samantha woke to her alarm clock screaming at her. She had to get ready for work. She had a job at a small little coffee shop that barely held all it's customers. She put on her uniform which fit tightly around her hips and chest, put her long blonde hair in a simple ponytail, used the bathroom and left. She got in her car and drove to the shop where she got her free coffee and opened up the shop.

1 hour later. It was almost time for her break when she got a text from a coworker

'Hey, can't make it, can you take my shift?' she sighed. She didn't even know why Evan worked there, because he gave almost all his shifts to her. Whatever, more money for her. The only problem though, she kind of had to pee. It wasn't too bad though, but she had dranken a lot. Between the second cup of coffee and a full water bottle it was no wonder she was starting to feel the need. She was sure though, that she could last an hour.

30 min later. Ugh, it was time for the morning rush, the time when busy working people came in a rush to get their coffee's to go in order to get to work on time. She had to be efficient because as she knew from experience these people weren't messing around. But being efficient is hard when you have to pee. Her bladder wasn't quite full, but it was getting there. It was uncomfortable at this point. Only 30 more minutes she told herself as she shifted behind the counter.

45 min later. Of course Yvonne was late. She always is she thought. What a shitty time to be late she thought. Samantha was reaching her capacity. She had been thirsty and had taken a couple sips of water which had turned out to be a huge mistake. She was crossing her legs and shuffling around with her legs held together closely. She knew she had better make it to the bathroom soon or she would for sure piss herself. 'C'mon Yvonne where are you' she thought. All of a sudden she felt a throb in her bladder and she was forced to shoot a hand into her crotch. 'that was too close' she decided. But because she had been taking and order she had dropped her notepad and was forced to bend over to get it. As she bent over she spurted into her light pink panties. She let out a small gasp. She was desperate now, fidgety and constantly putting her hand in between her legs. Finally, 25 minutes late, Yvonne came in.

"Sorry I'm late, won't happen again" said Yvonne, trying to tie her apron before anyone saw the small stain on her pants around her crotch.

Samantha started running towards the bathroom but just as she reached the door her bladder gave out, spilling its contents all over the floor. It all came out at once, and she was left standing there in front of all her costumers and Yvonne, all in shock. She started to cry as she ran out leaving Yvonne to clean up the mess.

In her car, she sat there for a minute in shock until Yvonne looked out and she drove off before she was asked to help clean. But she was just in time for traffic, and after a while she started to need to pee again...

