Relief in the Stars (Rosalina-Super Mario Galaxy)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-05-12 23:42

Note:This story is going to be shorter in comparison to some of my other stories.

"The comet set forth for the girl's home planet, its long tail blazing proudly behind it." Rosalina said. She smiled and closed the book. "That will be it for tonight."

She took a glance at the Lumas in the room and saw that they were all asleep. Rosalina smiled and got up from her seat. She carefully hovered over to the bookshelf and carefully placed the book back where it was before she read it. With that done,she slowly hovered out of the library and closed the curtains at the entrance. Now that she had finally put the lumas to sleep,she had time to take care of other things. Namely her full bladder.

The mother of Lumas rubbed her thighs together and clenched her fists. Like every other day at the Comet Observatory,she spent the entire day taking care of all the lumas. The Lumas were full of energy and it usually took a lot of time to get them to go to sleep. Because of this,Rosalina didn't really get that many bathroom breaks when taking care of the lumas and today was no exception. Now that she had finally put them to sleep,she briskly hovered away from the library so that she could take care of business.

With her hands between her legs,Rosalina hovered past the big screen that was located at the center of the Observatory. She looked at the terrace and saw a table with an empty cup of tea on it. And right next to said cup was a box of apricot flavored tea,the very reason why she was so desperate to pee right now. She eventually arrived at the dome she was looking for; The fountain. Upon entering she was greeted with the sound of splashing water and the sight of a small waterfall coming from the walls,which only made her want to go more. Despite the name,the fountain looked more like a bathroom. with blue tiles and lavender walls. Rosalina hovered towards one of the walls,while trying to ignore the watery noises coming from the water. She stopped in front of a door and opened it. She then closed the door and turned around to the toilet behind her.

She hovered towards the toilet while lifting her dress,revealing a blue void with stars that made the underside of her dress look like outer space. After a few seconds however,the void disappeared and revealed a pair of teal colored panties with a yellow star on the front. Rosalina turned around and pulled down her panties. She then lifted her dress back up and sat on the toilet.

With everything taken care of,Rosalina relaxed her muscles and the silence in the small toilet stall was quickly replaced with the sound of her urine trickling against the toilet bowl. Rosalina let out a sigh and closed her eyes,happy that she finally got the relief she had been craving for the entire day. She leaned back against the toilet and opened her eyes again. As much as she loved apricot Tea,she was thinking of cutting back on it a little as it always seemed to result in her bladder being full by the end of the day. But at the same time,the feeling of relief she got from being after a long day felt pretty satisfying. Rosalina leaned forward again and waited for her bladder to be completely empty.

After about half a minute,her stream completely stopped and the silence had returned. Rosalina reached for the toilet paper and wiped her private area with it. She threw the piece in the toilet and bent over to pull her panties back up. She then let go of her dress and flushed the toilet. She exited the toilet and stuck her hands in the water below to wash them. Once that was done,she exited the fountain and made her way to her bedroom to get some well-deserved rest.

