Omovember Day 8: Peeing in a Barrel

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-10 09:35

$$

"Jumpman! Oh Jumpman! Help me! Save me from this ape!" Pauline yelled from on top of the structure. The lady looked down as she watched the carpenter climb through the structure while avoiding all the flames being thrown at him. Jumpman carefully hoped over a few bolts and unscrewed them,making the Gorilla that had kidnapped her even more angry.

"Oh Jumpman! Please hurry!" Pauline said. Shifting her weight from one foot to the other while shaking her hips in a wide arc. The Jumpman carefully jumped over yet another flame until it reached a hammer. The Jumpman started swinging it wildly,putting out the flames with each swing while unscrewing a few more bolts. Pauline smiled and continued doing the dance she was doing. The Gorilla got even more furious and sent more flames after him. But despite that,she Jumpman continued avoiding the baddies without hesitation. This infuriated the Gorilla even more and he started stomping around angrily until suddenly the ground began shaking. The Gorilla looked down and it's eyes bulged out when it noticed that all the screws were gone.

Suddenly,the floor under the Gorilla collapsed and he landed headfirst on the ground below. The impact completely knocked him out.

"Oh! Jumpman!" Pauline yelled. With the Gorilla no longer blocking her path,she began making her way down the building with the ladders. However,while going down she seemed to be in pain. Upon reaching the ground,Jumpman ran up to her and embraced her.

"Ahh! No! N-Not so tight!" Pauline yelled out. Jumpman let go of her and saw her bent over with a painted expression. The carpenter asked her if she was okay. She whined and then blurted it out:

"Oh! I can't hold it! Need restroom! Now!" Pauline said as she continued to hop around and shake her hips. A sight that caused Jumpman to blush. But the Jumpman shook his head and looked for somewhere. He walked off,leaving Pauline confused.

"Hey? Where are you going?" Pauline said as she followed to short carpenter. With each step causing her to clench her teeth harder. The plumber stopped near a few support beams and underneath those beams were barrels. He popped open a lid and motioned Pauline towards it.

"Y-You want me to do it inside one of those barrels?" Pauline asked,earning a nod from Jumpman. Her attempts at protesting were quickly shut down by a protest from her bladder.

"Oh! fine! just. Make sure nobody i watching!" Pauline said as she hastily ran towards the open barrel. Jumpman stayed on guard and particularly starred in the direction of the ape to make sure it didn't get up while pauline was busy. Pauline lifted up her dress and pulled down her white panties,which had a sizable patch visible on them. She hastily pulled them down and and sat on the barrel. She carefully draped her dress in front of her and then...

*Pssssshhhh......*

A strong stream made contact with the bottom of the barrel and slowly transformed into a puddle that slowly,filled up the barrel.

"Ahh...Sweet relief at last..." Pauline said as her face went from stressful to blissful. She leaned her body forward and let out another sigh as she continued to empty her bladder. She opened her eyes and looked at the panties,the big wet patch on it making her upset. She fully shook them off and they landed on the ground below.

"I was planning on replacing them anyway..." Pauline said in her head. She sat straight up and kept relaxing until her bladder had emptied completely. Pauline shook her butt a little to try and shake off the drops of pee and the jumped off the barrel. She carefully lifted the barrel and slid the damaged panties underneath it. Once that was done,she approached her boyfriend and smiled.

"Sorry to keep you waiting,sweety." Pauline said. Jumpman smiled and gave her a thumbs up,simply happy that she was finally safe from that gorilla.

"Oh,Jumpman." Pauline swooned. A big heart appearing above the couple.

*002*2022-04-14 17:59

{{22 hours ago, Kingofkong said:

I appreciate how well mario was portrayed in this. Also, you ever thought of either drawing a comic of a story, or asking a friend about doing it. Really good!

}}

Thanks.

I've asked a few users who were taking suggestions. This one right here being one of them.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/53844-pauline%E2%80%8Bs%E2%80%8B-desperation%E2%80%8B-daterequest%E2%80%8B-26%E2%80%8B/?do=embed"

But i don't know many artist personally and i don't have money for commissions. And i feel like i myself still need to practice with drawing. So i'm sticking with writing for now.

