Jodie Holmes: Showers in the Desert

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-10-23 18:25

Beginning note: No, I have not given up on my Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy fic, it’s actually damn near done, and at the best parts to boot (or at least my personal favorites). However due to college and grinding through that I ended up taking a bit of a break to put it mildly. That wasn’t really fair so I decided to pump out some oneshots to make up for it. I had technically planned to put this one after the Fahrenheit one, but I decided to speed things up a bit. Technically this is a bit longer than a one shot but you get the idea. Anyways, this fic is based off a small chapter in Beyond 2 Souls and it contains some spoilers (some even in this very description so beware). It’s another David Cage game and many consider it one of his worst games but I’m actually enjoying it so far.

The protagonist Jodie Holmes is very well written, partially due to being portrayed by Elliot Page (back when he hadn’t publicly transitioned) and the plot is pretty complicated but hasn’t been too reckless yet. My only complaints are basically some of the foreign languages are incorrect and one of the main love interests is a dick, however he gets better and there’s others to choose from if you can’t forgive him (which actually plays a huge role in this chapter so once again beware). Enough ranting, hope you all enjoy!

Jodie Holmes was wandering the desert, sweating through her white shirt and jeans while thinking about past events and her current situation. She was a kind and beautiful young woman with short brunette hair trimmed in a pixie cut, with a petite body and gentle demeanor. Don’t be fooled however, she was a CIA trained agent with the body, skills, and will of a cold blooded killer if provoked. Not to mention, she had a literal guardian angel tethered to her soul, who went by Aiden. Her superiors had unfortunately earned the wrath of both, due to setting her up. She thought she was on an important mission, and had been sent to assassinate the Somalian “warlord” Gemaal Sheik Charrief. Warlord, yeah right.

Her boss (and crush) Ryan Clayton (or Jack Ryan as she had humorously nicknamed him, which he had taken a liking to) had briefed her, saying Gemaal was a ruthless terrorist who needed to be dealt with, something that she and Aiden were certainly fit to do. She accepted, the two agents kissed, and she headed out. She and Aiden managed to eliminate multiple terrorists with the combination of hand to hand combat and supernatural powers, then met a wounded boy. Aiden healed his amputated leg, making him good as new. He spoke Somalian like everyone else, however she was able to understand his name was Salim, and he was willing to help.

The three made a formidable team, and eventually parted ways with the kid. Aiden proceeded to possess a soldier, and used him to assassinate everyone in the meeting, including her target Gemaal, then proceeded to shoot himself. Unfortunately it turned out the possessed and dead man was actually Salim’s father. The boy, understandably enraged at his friend for killing his father, reached for the man’s Gold Cup National Match pistol and let off shots. Aiden formed a barrier around Jodie, to which the boy fled knowing he would not be able to exact revenge. Soon a mob came close to cornering her, even managing to shoot her leg.

The agent was able to limp and barricade herself in a small shack, but she didn’t even know why she had done that. She stared at her Sig Sauer P266 handgun, contemplating whether to place the cool barrel against her forehead and pull the trigger, ending the madness and pain. Aiden rumbled his disapproval, and she felt ashamed for even considering the idea. Still, that wouldn’t completely shake her out of her mourning, this would traumatize her for some time. Despite all of her skills, despite Aiden’s powers and support, Jodie Holmes was not meant to be a cold blooded killer. Backup eventually arrived, picking her up and carrying her away. She would never forget the anger on Salim’s face as he cursed her.

“Ten years and I’ve never seen anything like it.” Ryan casually joked once she had showered and changed from her black t-shirt and camo fatigues to a faded red button-down, and jeans. “The boss sends his own private helicopter to get an agent back. All the top brass are crazy about you. You and Aiden of course, this wouldn’t be possible without him.” Jodie said nothing, instead choosing to stare into her glass of iced tea with a blank expression. “Jodie, are you alright? I know this was a lot to handle, and I’m sorry about that. Don’t worry, we’ll be home free and this will just be another mission accomplished, right partner?” Jodie slowly turned to Ryan, and finally spoke. “I’ll never forget what went down there Ryan. Never.” Ryan sighed.

“I know Jodie. I wish I could say it gets easier but it really doesn’t. The edge wears off, but it’ll come back in waves, especially in your next mission. That is, if you decide to stay.” Jodie went back to being silent, peering out the window, then popping a painkiller. She pressed a button on her chair to turn on the TV and watch the news, and heard something that would change her life. “It appears that the new President Gemaal Sheik Charraf had been recently assassinated in a mysterious and unwarranted attack. His people had high hopes of him ending the civil war plaguing their nation, and are mourning at the lost chance of peace.” Both agents had different reactions to this news. Jodie glared at Ryan in outrage, while he opted to look the other way and pretend he didn’t hear any of that.

“You lied to me.” the younger agent ground out. “Excuse me?”

“Gemaal wasn’t a warlord, he was the democratically elected president!”

“Adolf Hitler was democratically elected, and he was a genocidal warlord.”

“So was that the case with Gemaal?” Jodie tested. “If you ever respected me, look me in the eyes and tell me the truth.” Ryan flinched, then did as requested. “Gemaal was a good man, and a good leader from what I can tell. It doesn’t matter though, we had our orders and carried them through.”

“So you knew all of this, and still made me become a murderer? What the fuck is wrong with you?!” she screamed, feeling betrayed. Aiden, also in the same boat, began to shake the helicopter in rage. Both agents were too angry to even notice.

“Welcome to the CIA, Jodie. It’s not fucking choir practice in case you haven’t noticed! Completing missions is what we do, no matter how difficult.” Ryan defended himself, feeling exasperated. “Easy for you to say, you’re not the one who just got manipulated into committing atrocities! I would have never taken this mission if I knew what I was getting into.”

“It’s funny you say that, because when I arrived to personally recruit you, I remember you willingly joined. Your instructors and even I made it perfectly clear many of your assignments would be morally compromising but you still kept it up. Now you’re gonna put the blame on me?”

“I trusted you, that we were doing the right thing! After everything we went through, and you threw it in my FUCKING FACE! What am I, your personal toy to play with whenever you want something done?!” Jodie screamed irately. “What’s going on back there?” the pilot questioned, unaware of the struggle and hoping to get the helicopter to steady from the turbulence. “Jodie, I’m sorry, we’ll talk about this when we get home, just please relax.” Ryan begged. She just bitterly giggled. “No, we won’t Ryan. No-one’s ever playing me again. Goodbye.” she replied as she jumped out the helicopter, not fazed by the wind or pelting rain.

Jodie grumbled at the memory. She continued to walk, not seeing anything but barren rock, along with shrubs and cacti here and there. At one point she bent downwards and gasped in exhaustion, trying to catch her breath. Once down she stood back and continued her solate journey, futilely fanning herself to keep cool. Hearing a truck, she hitched her thumb, only to feel it zoom past. Some time later, she tried again only to face the same result. Feeling absolutely crushed she sat on a rock in defeat.

“Well that’s nice. We’re in the middle of nowhere, I’m exhausted and dying of thirst, but we’re going to make it work.” Aiden proceeded to separate from her, apparently searching for something. “Fucking seriously Aiden? Leave me alone!” Jodie berated her ethereal friend. That was, until she saw some sort of house. Pretty small with a tin roof, but it appeared as a beacon and sage haven for her. “Shit, sorry. Thanks.” she stumbled an apology as she headed there. The walk was only a couple of miles but those couple of miles were killing her. Eventually the two arrived, both of them scoping the area out. Aiden drifted into the barn, taking note of many animals. Meanwhile Jodie strode to the door, knocking on it. A handsome boy around her age opened the door. He was tall, muscular, and tan, with black hair and clad in an orange flannel and jeans. His face was hard and stern, however also concerned as well.

“Hello?” he asked, his slightly accented voice low and hesitant. “Hey, I’m sorry to bother you but can I please stay the night? I’m exhausted, starving, and dehydrated. If I can somehow pay you back I will.” Jodie pleaded. The man sighed. “I’m sorry, but you can’t stay here.”

“Not even the barn? I’ll be gone by morning.”

“Definitely not, I refuse to have you sleep near animals. I’m sorry, but this place is unsafe for strangers. If you’re that desperate I’ll take you to a hotel right now, free of charge. We’ll go horseback.” Jodie was thankful, however she cringed at the aspect of horse riding to a hotel considering how weak she was. It was a miracle she was even in decent shape, no doubt because of her military training. “Thank you so much, but I really can’t wait that long. Please, just the night.” Jodie begged, her throat hoarse and her eyes clouded with tears.

“Jay, what’s the matter?” an older man questioned as he approached the two. He was slightly chubby but still youthful and healthy for his age, with silver hair gathered in a miniature ponytail. They both spoke in their native language, with Paul sounding more reserved and Jay switching between trepidation and concern, although never annoyed or angry. Eventually the two reached a conclusion. “I apologize, please don’t mind my boy. Jay is just paranoid that harm may befall you. You’re more than welcome to stay the night, and maybe even longer if you can work for it.” the older man explained as he welcomed her in with a handwave. A grin spread across her face. “Thank you, thank you so much. Yeah, I’ll do what I can.” she breathlessly expressed her gratitude as she walked in and shut the door. The older man chuckled.

“I appreciate the enthusiasm, however perhaps you should be more focused on taking care of yourself before you think about working. Anyways we were about to have dinner, drink and eat all you want. My name is Paul by the way.” he explained, and made sure to introduce himself and the others. As she was led to the dining room, Jodie noticed two more family members, a slim man who looked a bit younger than Jay and an old woman in a wheelchair. “You’ve already met my oldest son Jay, the other one is Cory and the woman he’s currently taking care of is my mother, Shimasani. Don’t be offended if she doesn’t say anything, she hasn’t in years.”

“I understand. My name is Jodie, and it’s nice to meet you all.” Jodie introduced herself, waving at everybody, including Shimasani. She wished she could have introduced her full name and Aiden, but decided it was for the best both stayed hidden. Shimasani remained silent and expressionless but the other three returned her welcome with varying degrees of enthusiasm (Cory: Excited, Paul: Subdued yet pleased, Jay: Cautious).

Despite his slightly standoffish demeanor and unclear motives, Jay was still very accommodating as he pulled out Jodie’s seat, poured her iced water, and loaded her plate with venison and corn. Cory saw this and winked, Jay responded with a glare. Jodie first drank her entire cup of water, then proceeded to dig in once everyone else had done so. The water felt so cool and sweet, that she had a second and even a third cup. Jodie was so ecstatic that she was no longer dehydrated that she didn’t consider or feel the effects of the sudden liquid intake, at least not immediately.

“So Jodie, where are you headed? We really don’t get many hitchhikers around here.” Paul politely inquired. Of course she couldn’t tell him the whole truth, however after the kindness she received she would try to be as sincere as possible. “I was in kind of a bad situation regarding my legal guardians. I eventually left, and now I just drift from place to place. I suppose if I keep moving, I’ll eventually find what I’m looking for. I know it might seem disrespectful that I left my family like that, so I apologize, especially considering how you’re all such a tight knit family.”

“Jodie, have you purposely committed evil? I don’t mean maybe did an impulsive mistake or avenged someone close to you, I mean truly hurt someone without anything to gain from it?” Jodie was shocked at Paul’s sudden change in demeanor and very serious question.

“No, of course not. Only a monster would behave like that. I can be aggressive, but I always look out for others when I can.”

“Then you have nothing to apologize for, nor do you owe us an explanation. We know you’re a good person and that’s what is important. As for family, yes we are close but that is not because of our blood or some sort of tradition. It is because we share true love and bonds, that is what makes a family. In addition, you are not alone in your struggle, Jay here was going through a similar journey.”

“Pa, not right now.” Jay intervened. “Of course, sorry.” Jodie started to feel her bladder pang. ‘Shit, I can’t just go right now. I don’t even feel comfortable asking. I’ll just hold it until after dinner.’ She decided to segue into a new conversation, crossing her legs together under the table. “So you guys are Navajo, right?” Paul nodded in conformation.

“Yes, although we specifically refer to ourselves as the ‘Dineh’.” Jay explained. His tone suddenly seemed a little more passionate and the hard look in his eyes had disappeared, replaced by a bright shine. “I’m sorry, is that a specific tribe of Navajo?” Jodie questioned. She felt like an idiot for not knowing. Luckily, Jay was not offended in the slightest. If anything, she could make out a small but genuine smile grace his lips. “No, it’s a phrase from our language which translates to ‘The People’.” Unfortunately, a sharp and strong wind sounded, causing the stern glare to return. Jay and Cory quickly stood up, placing wooden boards on the windows. “That’s enough for tonight, I’m going to bed. Jay, show her to her room and explain the rules. Good night everybody.” Paul announced as he stood up and walked off. Cory meanwhile wheeled Shimasani to her room, leaving just her and Jay.

“You coming?” Jay sharply asked. Jodie wanted to follow, however Aiden was trying to explore. She decided to stall and let her ethereal friend do whatever it was he needed. “Is this place safe?”

“Technically no, now understand why I didn’t want you staying the night?” Jay sardonically responded. “Still, everything is fine as long as you follow the rules.” he reassured as he led her down the hallway and to the guest room, aka her room. She had no choice but to follow, and Aiden did as well soon after. “Thanks.” Jodie replied as she started bouncing up and down. It was abundantly clear that she was at her limit, and as embarrassing as it was to ask, it would be very much more so to wet herself in front of the family that took her in, not to mention downright rude. Jay looked at her and sighed some more.

“At least you’re healthy again, so that’s good. First off and most importantly, keep your door locked and your window covered if you want to be free of harm. Do that and all is well. Don’t leave.”

“Okay-” Jodie continued, unfortunately she phrased it in a way that Jay didn’t pick up that she had more to say. “Good. Other than that, just keep to yourself. I suppose being brought back to normal has made your body more excited which means you’re no longer tired. That’s good, you should exercise regularly to get back in shape. It will certainly help with tomorrow, although we’ll make sure not to overwork you. You can stay up for as long as you need, just keep the noise down in order to avoid waking up Pa and Grandmother.”

“Thanks, but I’m actually still kind of under the weather.” Jodie assured, using every once of willpower not to grab her crotch as the dire need to urinate increased by the second. “What, then why are you so fidgety?” Jay questioned, almost looking offended that he had been wrong. “I drank a lot of water and haven’t had a chance to-”

“Okay, don’t tell me anymore.” Jay responded as he looked the other way. Jodie was grateful she didn’t have to explain any further. “The restrooms on the other side but clearly that isn’t an option. I’ll get you something, just stay right here.” Jay ordered. She nodded and remained in place. The man came back with a plastic basin. “Do your business here, and wash it by morning.”

“Of course, thanks.” Jodie expressed gratitude once more. “Remember what I said about staying inside your room.” the tall man warned. “Yep, got it. Stay inside and don’t come out.” the tiny woman breathlessly replied, this time making no effort to hold her groin. It was a miracle she hadn’t started leaking by now.

Realizing how close Jodie was to having an accident, Jay quickly bade her good night and shut the door. Jodie made sure to lock it, then unzipped her jeans and flung them off in record speed, followed by yanking down her red mini jockey shorts. Clad in nothing but her white t-shirt, she squatted and let loose. A strong torrent burst from her genitals and hit the plastic bin with force. She closed her eyes and let out an embarrassingly loud moan of relief. All the water really did her good, due to her dehydration she hadn’t urinated very often and times she did it was a rather concerning dark yellow. Technically not dangerous, yet very close to being so.

This time, it was as clear as the water she gulped earlier that evening and a very healthy stream. Liquid continued to empty out of her bladder for almost a minute until it was followed by some more spurts, and then some drops. Jodie sighed in comfort, then suddenly came to two horrid realizations. The first was she had no tissue paper to wipe herself. The second was both her stream and her moan were loud enough that everyone probably heard it. These things happened and were out of her control, however that still didn’t mean she wanted the people who took her in to know!

“Aiden, can you please check on everyone’s rooms?” Jodie softly requested as she shook her hips a little to dry her lady bits as best as she could. He grumbled, being more concerned with checking whatever the hell was outside the house than the residents indoors. “Come on Aiden, I need to make sure they’re safe and not doing anything suspicious!” Her ethereal friend grumbled some more. There were no words, however she could still sense the derision in his voice and knew what he was referring to. “I’m curious if they heard it but that’s not the main issue, just make sure everything’s alright.” Aiden rumbled once more but did as asked. He was able to show her that Paul, Cory, and Shimasani were a considerable distance away due to their room locations, and were sound asleep as well. Unfortunately, Jay’s room was right next to hers, and to make matters worse he was wide awake and staring at the ceiling.

“Shit, well that’s awkward. Whatever, that’s payback for being a dick to me earlier.” Aiden let out another growl. “Yeah yeah, go back to security or whatever.” Jodie dismissed as she pulled her mini red jockey shorts back on. As much as she wanted to sleep naked considering the sweltering heat, she was sweaty and didn’t want to be a rude guest by dirtying the bed. Instead she peeled off her white t and replaced it with one that was sky blue. Once done she lay down and turned off the lamp. “Good night, Aiden.” Once again, more rumbling. She lay down on the mattress and felt her eyes close. They didn’t stay closed for long however, considering her dream. Flashes of the Dineh’s area of residence kept repeating, along with what appeared to be sandstorms and some ominous looking masked figure. She suddenly woke up startled.

The wind was howling like crazy. Concerned, she asked Aiden to check up on everyone once more and this time he did so without protest. Cory was balled up in the fetal position, Paul was meditating, Shimasani was still asleep, and Jay appeared to be lost in thought. As worrisome as this was, they appeared to more or less be safe so she decided to stay in her room and drift back to sleep, this time staying that way for good. Once morning hit, Jodie sat up and stretched with her arms sticking straight up and her shirt tightening against her petite breasts. She peeled it off and redonned her white shirt, then shimmied into her jeans.

She left them unbuttoned however since she needed to hit the can. First she opened her window, then grabbed her bin of urine and tossed it outside, watching the liquid soak the dry desert floor. Then she searched for the bathroom and once located, proceeded to urinate once more. This trickle wasn’t as strong, however nonetheless it felt good and that’s what mattered. In addition, she was sitting on a real toilet and there was even toilet paper nearby, not to mention a sink to wash her hands!

“Finally.” Jodie muttered as she wiped her genitals clean. She took a minute to study her lower parts, especially her pubes. Normally she preferred a patch or a full bush but considering how her stressful journey left no time for grooming habits, she was beginning to regret that now. She decided it was time to shave as soon as she could. First order of business was to bid everyone farewell. She strode into the kitchen to see Paul drinking some coffee. “Hello Jodie, I told the boys to let you sleep in. You woke a little earlier than expected, I hope the sandstorm didn’t keep you up?”

“It woke me up temporarily, however it wasn’t a big deal. I went back to sleep quite easily.”

“I’m glad to hear it. There’s some black coffee over there. Probably stronger and blander than you’re used to, but it’ll wake you up.” Jodie nodded in appreciation.

“Thank you sir, and not just for the coffee.” the woman thanked as she gulped it down. Prior to what people would have expected from the petite lady, Jodie was more than used to black coffee. It’s what she would drink before she went on missions. “Thanks for housing and feeding me, just showing me kindness when others wouldn’t. I really wish I had something to give back, but all I have is gratitude. I’ll be on my way out to say goodbye to the boys and Shimasani, although hopefully I’ll be able to visit.”

“Actually Jodie, you can give something back. Just stay on the ranch and help out, and you can continue to stay for as long as you need or want.” Paul responded. “That is, if you want to. If you need to hit the road, then by all means.” he quickly added with a wave farewell. “Actually, that sounds great!” she responded with a grin.

“We’re glad to hear it.” Paul confirmed with a smile of his own. “I can’t provide you with any money but you will have a roof over your head, and food, clothing, and water will be plentiful. In the meantime, go ask Cory for spare work clothes. He’s taller, but they will still be a good fit. Better than me or Jay at least. And you can call me Paul, you know.” They both chuckled. “Alright sir-I mean Paul, I’ll get right to it.” she quickly saluted, then stepped outside to greet the boys and their grandmother. “Hello boys, good morning Shimasani.”

“Hey, look who’s up! Rise and shine Sleeping Beauty!” Cory greeted. “I’m sorry for my brother’s foolish behavior, apparently we are still high schoolers who catcall pretty girls. I assure you that is not our policy for guests.” Jay deadpanned as he playfully elbowed Cory. “I don’t mind. Although I agree you certainly are the better host, I felt right at home. So much so that I decided to stay.” Jodie teased. “Seriously? That’s great news!” Cory responded.

“Just like that? Our father is a good man but he doesn’t accept free loaders.” Jay questioned. Cory punched him in the shoulder, this time in a not so affectionate manner. “Of course not, that’s actually why I’m here. Cory, Paul told me that you had work clothes.”

“Yeah, I got a bunch of vests and tank tops similar to the ones I’m wearing right now, it’ll only take a sec. You two kids catch up.”

“I’m older than you, and Jodie probably is too. Certainly more mature!” Jay shot back as Cory ran back to the house. Jay decided to take the time to help Jodie explore the ranch, and she even managed to do some chores. Things were going good until she worked the water pump. Seeing the water pouring reminded Jodie of her own gush the previous night, and that combined with the coffee led to nature calling. ‘So soon?’ Jodie inwardly complained. ‘Then again I drank two cups of black coffee in quick succession, it’ll be a miracle if I can hold it for half an hour.’ To make matters worse (secretly better, but she didn’t know it yet), Jay immediately picked up on her dire need and decided to use it as a conversation starter.

“You need to urinate?”

“Thank you Jay, real classy.” Jodie dryly commented. “If you have to, just go.”

“I’m not using the toilet before my first shift thank you very much. Also how the hell did you even know? You couldn’t yesterday and I practically spelled it out for you! Not on purpose.” she quickly amended. “I’m a quick learner.” Jay wittily replied. “Speaking of…”

“Christ, we’re really gonna go there? Fine, I get that I caused some commotion last night. Sorry if that disgusts you but I really had to go. It had been so long since I drank anything, of course I’m going to drink so much water until I’m bursting. I also can’t control how much splash impact there would be, water hitting a surface resonates, who would’ve known? And yeah, maybe I didn’t have to moan so loud but you try holding it in for as long as I have and not embracing the ecstasy of finally letting loose!” Jodie snapped. She could tell Jay was a good man who meant well, but his uptight and judgemental attitude was starting to annoy her to no end.

“Actually, I was going to thank you for remembering to empty the bin, and remind you to rinse it when you have time.” Jay replied as he tried to smirk, although he looked too guilty to pull it off. That was strange, while he certainly wasn’t very extroverted or outspoken, Jodie had never seen him as anything but confident in his words and actions. Perhaps it was because they were talking about an awkward and private matter, however that didn’t really make sense either. He bluntly brought it up, and even gave her something to use without complaint. Then it hit her, Jay would only get awkward if she was physically showing him how much she needed to or went into specific detail. ‘I wonder how he'll react if he sees me do it for real, up close and personal!’ the desperate girl mischievously thought to herself. ‘Wait, what the hell am I thinking?! I must be going crazy, it was bound to happen sooner or later given all the crazy shit happening in my life.’

“Jodie, are you still with us?”

“Oh, right Jay. I’m sorry for assuming and going off on a crazy rant.”

“Actually, I should be the one apologizing. If I hadn’t been such an ass we wouldn’t even be having this conversation, or at least not like this. Anyways, I saw you toss out the bin from last night but forgot to mention it until now.”

“Oh god, did anyone else see?” Jodie groaned as she hid her face behind her hands in mortification. “Paw was inside and Cory was too busy talking to me. I just happened to see it out of the corner of my eye. Shimasani might have if she’s not lost in thought. I wouldn’t worry about it, she won’t care and it’s not like she can tell anyone about it.”

“Even so, well thanks anyways.” Things quickly took a dark turn as the duo came across Paul kneeling down, examining a dead sheep. It’s belly had been torn open.

“Shit.” Jodie and Jay simultaneously muttered, then looked at each other in surprise before turning the other way. “What happened?”

“Desert storm. Jay curtly replied. “How could a sandstorm do that much external damage?”

“I have no idea.” As much as she wanted to continue, she knew Jay would not be forthcoming so she stayed silent. Thankfully, Cory had finally returned with their clothes. “Sorry Jodie, got distracted.” he grinned sheepishly as he handed her a faded gray tank top with maroon stripes and a black leather vest. “Congratulations Cory, Jodie has memorized the whole layout of the ranch and has gathered water for the sheep in the time it took for you to grab her work clothes. Truly inspiring work ethic.” Jay dryly exclaimed as he sarcastically applauded. “Of course, it was my master plan all along.” the younger brother replied with an offended look and a hand to the chest.

“Sure there wasn’t another reason?” Jodie slyly suggested. She wasn’t stupid, she could tell Cory had left them alone for so long in order for Jay to flirt with her. It didn’t exactly go as planned but as Ryan would say, ‘another mission accomplished’. Before either brother could respond, she called out to Paul. “Sir, is it okay if I change in the barn before taking the water to the sheep?”

“Yes, and thank you! Could you also bring a bale of hay when you’re done? And again, just call me Paul!”

“Of course! Sorry Paul!” Then she turned to the boys. “No peeking, I mean it.”

“I would never! Jay might though.” Cory dramatically exclaimed while Jay simply rolled his eyes. “We were just getting back to work. Take care Jodie, and don’t hesitate to ask us or Paw if you need help with anything. “Sure thing Jay.”

With that, she stepped into the barn and peeled off her white t, stuffing it into her backpack, then slipped on the tank top and vest. The tank top was a perfect fit, although the vest was a little heavy on her shoulders. Still, it was comfortable and that was good enough. Meanwhile, Aiden knocked the bale of hay down and also unveiled a motorcycle. Old and definitely wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. Still, she could definitely fix it up in her free time, maybe even have Jay help her out. Deciding she was done daydreaming she walked back outside and carried the bucket of water in one hand and a bale of hay in the other.

“Thank you Jodie, go join the boys for lunch.”

“You coming?”

“Not yet, I still have work to do.” Paul explained as he bade farewell. They conversed some more and everything was going well until Jodie brought up the sandstorm. “I already told you everything you need to know, do you always ask so many questions?”

“When I don’t understand something, yeah.”

“You have your own secrets and you don’t see us asking. I know you’re not just some hitchhiker.” he accused. Realizing he went too far, he sighed and grasped his forehead, similar to the previous night during the storm. “I understand your concern and this is a strange place but we’re doing the best we can. Anyways, I have work to do. Later.” he abruptly stated as he left to do whatever it was. Cory nonchalantly waved as conformation. “Don’t mind him Jodie. He’s a good guy once you get to know him.”

“I know. If only he presented more opportunities.” she responded. They both gave a brief chuckle. Cory’s demeanor suddenly morphed into uncharacteristically serious.

“In case you couldn’t tell, Jay’s not actually being an asshole on purpose, well at least not when it comes to this ranch. He’s actually got a point if you want to be generous. You’re asking for answers that you have every right to know, but we just simply can’t provide. He’s already frustrated that you’re staying despite knowing the danger, and then not being honest with you is just adding onto it. Both of you just relax and everything will be fine.” Jodie wanted to argue that as much as she appreciated the gesture she would have preferred if everyone would just be straight up with her for once, however her bladder issues were distracting her so she just nodded in return. “Okay, gotta get back to work. Remember what I said.” She decided to help out Jay with whatever it was he was doing so they could make amends faster. He appeared to be having trouble taming an aggressive horse, and eventually gave up.

“This is Ahskii. Proud and stubborn, he never wants to go in with the others.”

“Sounds like he has something in common with us.” Jodie replied. Jay smirked. “Maybe. Probably why he refuses to listen to me, we’re too damn alike.”

“Maybe I can try?”

“Have you worked with horses?” Jodie sheepishly shrugged. “I’ll help you out then, come on.” Jay suggested as he hoisted himself over the fence and offered her a hand. She took it and let herself be pulled in, however doing so caused a sharp tug at her bladder, almost causing her to leak. ‘Shit, this keeps up and I’m not going to make it! What the hell was I thinking, trying to tame a horse when I have to pee so bad?!’ she internally panicked. Knowing it was too late to turn back, she still approached Ashkii slowly. She almost had him, but then Ashkii reared up at the last second.

“Jodie careful!” Jay exclaimed, catching her as she fell back. The sudden scare caused Jodie to leak a little, creating a small wet spot right underneath. On the bright side, she was able to stop the leak and Jay hadn’t been able to see or feel it. She approached Ashkii again, this time successfully calming him down and stroking his face. “Hey there Ashkii, not so bad, see? Admit it, you kind of like me. Certainly more than the bad man over there.” Jodie smirked as she pointed at Jay, who returned it. ‘Aiden, walk him back to the shed.’ Jodie mentally commanded. Aiden did so, and Jay stared in amazement as Askii strode to his shed all on his own.

“How did you do that?!” he exclaimed in amazement. Jodie fought the grin forming on her face due to the opportunity he just presented, instead scowling fiercely. “Jodie? Are you still mad about what I said at lunch?”

“You shouldn’t ask so many questions. We all have our secrets don’t we?” The two stared at each other, then burst out in laughter. “Anyways, you can use the shower behind the barn to wash yourself and your old clothes, they’re probably sweaty.” Jay explained. ‘Thank God!’ Jodie inwardly cheered. “In addition, here’s a razor and soap. You can use it for, you know…”

“Man, was your family expecting a random girl to drop in or something? Talk about being prepared.” Jodie replied. Jay rubbed the back of his neck.

“Actually, me and Cory groom as well, he just happened to have a spare razor lining around.” She didn’t know why that came as a surprise, despite their ruggedness Jay and Cory were clean cut enough to be Holister models. “Just how I like my men.” she whispered. “I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that Jodie.”

“Oh nothing, don’t worry about it.”

“Alright then. Oh wait, before you go, just know now’s your chance to urinate, I won’t hold it against you. Just be careful, it’s a tight fit and you wouldn’t want to get it all over your clothes.”

“Glad to hear it. I certainly will.” Jodie irritable ground out. “Also don’t defe-”

“OKAY JAY, THANK YOU FOR THE INFO!” she yelled and ran, not wanting to hear him finish that sentence. She could hear the idiot’s laughter though.

“Dumbass.” she muttered to herself as she stepped into the outdoor shower. First she hurriedly removed her clothes and stared at the wet spot on her jeans and red jockey shorts. The underwear absorbed most of the damage but both would obviously get washed. Grabbing the handle, she pulled it down and embraced the water. Obviously there was no hot or cold option so the stinging droplets were frigid enough to erect her dainty pink nipples until they became glass cutters. Ignoring that, Jodie made sure to use the soap to wash every crevice, enjoying how a simple washing had become such a luxury. Once down, she held up her clothes until they became soaked, then used the bar of soap to wash them, especially the ones she accidentally peed in. Once done, she turned the nozzle off, then proceeded to rub the bar of soap on areas that needed shaving until they were coated in subs.

Jodie was so satisfied she even began to hum a merry tune, and once her body was bare of any excess body hair she turned the nozzle one final time. Unfortunately, that’s when she felt a premonition akin to a cold chill. Wary, she turned and screeched in fright when she saw what looked like an ancient Navajo warrior, complete with feathered mask and body paint. He looked just like how he did in the dream, but much more realistic. The sudden scare broke the dam so to speak, and a waterfall of urine emptied out of Jodie and splattered against her thighs. She couldn’t stop, the torrent continuing to pour harder than the shower drain, effectively soaking the dirt beneath her. Finally her fear induced wetting had wrapped up, but she realized in horror that some of her accident was dangerously close to touching her clothes. Thinking fast, she reached for them and tossed them all over the wall.

“Jodie, JODIE!” Jay yelled in concern, banging the hollow walls of the shower. “Hey Jay...what’s up?” she weakly joked, trying to disguise her mini-panic attack. She had already gotten over it, embarrassed that a little jumpscare was what did her in, especially considering how she had been through way worse. “I heard you scream, and then right as I got here I saw a bunch of your clothes get thrown over here. What’s going on? Do you need help?”

“No, I’m fine, really.”

“Are you sure?”

“If I needed help I wouldn’t necessarily be talking to you now, would I?” Jodie sarcastically asked. “I’m sorry, that was rude. Thanks for your concern.”

“You’re talking to the king of rudeness, don’t worry about it.” They both chuckled softly. Jodie didn’t know why, but she suddenly had the urge to tell him the truth. “Jay?”

“Yeah, what is it Jodie?”

“When I got startled, I actually did end up peeing in the shower.” she admitted, giggling. “Told you, you looked like you were bound to burst. Uh, anyways, we’ll be waiting in the house, don’t take too long.” Jay awkwardly explained, then quickly walked away.

Jodie assumed it was because he was probably disgusted, but on the contrary he was actually starting to picture the details so much he was getting a little too excited. Things went back to schedule until the night, where the sandstorm sounded again. This time, Jodie and Aiden knew they had to confront whatever it was that was going on outside. To her horror, it was definitely much worse than any sandstorm. Instead it appeared to be a large and monstrous spirit. The masked man and some other ancestors managed to push it back, but she knew it was only a temporary solution. She eventually confronted Paul about what happened, and he finally admitted that the spirit haunting them was the Ye'iitsoh, however that was all he revealed. Thankfully, Jay whispered to her now that the truth was out, he would tell her everything he knew. She nodded and hugged him, glad they finally passed the barrier.

“Alright Jodie, so I know you have questions and now I can finally answer them.” Jay started as he jumped off his horse, Jodie following suit. She nuzzled Ashkii’s head before joining him. In addition to needing private time to talk, they also needed to check out why the well wasn’t working properly. “Alright so, what’s going on? Why is Ye’iitsoh so pissed at your family?”

“It’s not just us. Ye’iitsoh is angry at everything living, remember what he did to the sheep? The old ones used to say it’s a curse, the price our tribe paid for living on these lands.”

“Then why stay? Why doesn’t Paul leave?”

“It’s his and Shimasani’s homeland. Ye’iitsoh isn’t the only danger. It’s just something they grew used to. He told me and Cory to leave, that we were young and belonged with the rest of the new generation, live like you might have.”

“I didn’t really get to live a normal life. Never have, probably never will.”

“I know, Jodie. We’ll get to that later. Back to why me and Cory didn’t leave, well we just didn’t fit in. We didn’t face racism or anything like that mind you, but most youth are too caught up in money or social media, things that are meaningless to us. I don’t condemn them for it, I just know they walk a different path.”

“I understand. Some find it monotonous and I won’t deny, no internet and television is kind of a drag, but I’ll take this life with you and your family over what I used to do and who I used to live with.” Jay nodded in understanding. “Tell me your story. How do you know so much about spirits? Yesterday you weren’t nearly as scared as you should have been, and you even told Paw that Ye’iitsoh was from a different world. Also, why are you on the run? I know you’re a good person Jodie, I could tell you were being honest when Paw questioned you those couple nights ago at the dinner table. Still, if you’re being hunted by your commanding officers or someone dangerous, you need to tell me and leave.”

“Leave?”

“I want you to stay, I want that so badly. However, we’ve only known each other for a couple days. My family comes first, and I can’t let them be killed if I can avoid it.”

“I understand Jay.” Jodie nodded, sincerely touched yet also saddened. She took some deep breaths, Jay holding her hand as encouragement. She squeezed back and smiled. “I was formerly a member of the CIA, how did you know?”

“I didn’t, I thought you were in the armed forces. CIA isn’t necessarily the same thing, or am I mistaken?”

“No, you’re right. Most CIA either code with computers, sign paperwork, or some other desk job.”

“You were no desk worker if I’m deducing correctly?”

“Yeah, I was trained as though I were in the military. Obstacle courses, sparring, target practice, drills, I did it all. How could you tell though? I’m a tiny woman who could pass for a teenager.”

“You may be a tiny woman, however your intelligence and strength are not those of a regular civilian. You used to live the city life judging by how you didn’t know how to run a ranch, yet you adapted in no time and did tasks after days, if not weeks of walking, that me and Cory struggled with while healthy. Speaking of, you recovered far quicker than a regular hitchhiker. They would have died, or needed a hospital whereas you were back on your feet after some food, water, and a good night’s sleep. Only someone who was taught how to survive in harsh environments would ration their meager supplies could have done that. You also called Paw ‘sir’ by force of habit, and even saluted him.”

“Wow, you’re very observant.”

“Not exactly, but I did tell you I’m a quick learner. You’re also a very fascinating woman.”

“Right, well anyways I’m on the run because they tricked me into killing an innocent man. My CO told me he was a warlord but he was really a good president trying to help his people. I technically could have stayed, but I refuse to be used as a weapon.”

“Why did you join the CIA? Was it your lifelong passion? To help people?”

“Yes, however, that wasn’t why I was recruited.”

“You were personally recruited? You must have been gifted.” Jay complimented with a proud smile. “I was, but not in the way you were thinking. My CO was also my recruiter, and he knew about my condition.”

“Condition?”

“I never lived a normal life, because I have a friend. A special, loving, invisible, dangerous friend.” Jodie continued, her breath coming in gasps as she was on the verge of tearing up. Jay’s eyes widened. “Your friend, he’s a spirit.” he deduced. She nodded sullenly. “Is he here right now?”

“He’s always ‘here’. He’s tethered to me.”

“Can I talk to him?”

“He only communicates by growling and destroying shit, however he seems to like you. Say hi Aiden.” Aiden rumbled with what could pass for a friendly greeting, certainly better than what Ryan ever got. “Er, hello there Aiden. Are you sure he likes me?”

“You and your family have been nothing but kind to me, and I can count on both hands how many other people have as well. Aiden goes out of his way to hurt people who mistreat me yet he left you alone. He only stops when I tell him to and that’s if he bothers listening.”

“That’s nice to hear. Thank you Aiden.” Then he turned back to Jodie. “Do you think we can fight off Ye’iitsoh using Aiden?”

“We’ve been trying, but we haven’t come up with anything yet. Keep in mind that we just saw him last night, it hasn’t even been a full twenty four hours. When I was a small child, other spirits who were much weaker than Ye’iitsoh used to terrorize me and even Aiden was scared of them. It took weeks before he could fight back. Both of us are much stronger, however we’ve never seen anything like Ye’iitsoh. Besides, Aiden is still wary about fighting after we were tricked into killing the president.”

“We? I thought it was just you.”

“I killed some rebel terrorists, but Aiden’s the one who possessed the soldier and made him gun down everyone in the room. He’s had an even harder time dealing with it.” Suddenly Jay looked guilty.

“I’m sorry for suggesting we use you Aiden. You’re no monster or weapon. I just want to help my family.” Aiden grumbled in response. “You’re one of the few that treats Aiden like he’s a person. We’re both thankful. We’ve only been looked at as a monster to be feared or a weapon to be used. You’re not like that.”

“Of course not. Whoever Aiden might be, he clearly means well and you do as well.”

“Thank you for listening to my story.”

“Thank you for telling me.” The two stared at each other, then went in for a short yet deep and passionate kiss. When they broke off, Jodie laughed. “What are you laughing about this time Jodie?”

“Nothing, just really happy.”

“Me too. We’ve only known each other for a few days, however I wish there was more.”

“So do I. You’re one of the few who saw me for who I am. You’re also the only boyfriend Aiden approves of.”

“How so?”

“Well, the only other one was my commanding officer. We kissed but that was it.”

“So when Aiden found out he played you both he was irate.”

“Well there’s that, however Aiden kind of hated him from the beginning and demonstrated as best as he could. He left you alone because he knows you're good.”

“Well I’m glad to have his approval.” The two just sat there, occasionally taking big swigs of water from their canteens. “I forgot, what was the excuse we gave Paul?”

“Well, that windmill over there isn’t running despite there being enough wind to do so, and because of that the well is running low.”

“I’ll go check it out.”

“Normally I would have questioned what you could do, however I’m sure you and Aiden will have no problem.”

“You know it.” Jodie affirmed with a wink as she hopped on Ashkii and galloped over.

She ended up receiving flashback after flashback, all showing Ye’iitsoh’s wrath towards the ancestors for summoning him. It appeared they were trying to ward off the European invaders, however Ye’iitsoh didn’t just attack them. It was an indiscriminate spirit that killed whatever it could. Eventually, Aiden discovered and dug up artifacts, ones that would be useful in finally sending off the evil spirit. The only one missing happened to belong to Shimasani. As if on cue, right as she was about to head back to Jay, her genitals pulsed in an aching desire to release the water she drank earlier. She pondered about whether she should hold it or not, then decided it was better not to risk it. The ancestor could pop back up again, startling her into letting loose and that would lead to her wetting her jeans, something she would rather avoid.

Not giving it a second thought, she told Aiden to make Ashkii wander somewhere while she unzipped her jeans and yanked them straight down, along with her underwear. Yeah, Ashkii was a horse but even so it would still be weird to have an animal witness her private moments. Once satisfied she was out of the horse’s sight, she squatted down to get ready when an idea occurred to her. Peeing while squatting was boring, not to mention a little painful. Not very much, however the strenuous discomfort was still there. Standing while peeing was much easier no matter the gender, and much more entertaining and adventurous for a girl.

With a grin, she kicked off her jeans and underwear, baring her naked lower half. First Jodie spread her legs a little and slightly thrust her hips forward. Once in a comfortable position, she formed her fingers in a V shape and spread her labia apart. Once done, she relaxed and watched the magic. Her urine flew in a perfect arc and splattered across the dirt ground and she giddy laughed. This wasn’t the first time she urinated standing, but she never had a session as perfect as this. She giddily laughed, thinking that the only thing that could ruin this is if someone saw her. As fate would have it, Jay rode in on his horse as soon as the thought crossed her mind. She completely froze up when he jumped off his horse, her stream paused.

“Hey Jodie, what’s taking so long?” her new boyfriend questioned nonchalantly. She was confused on how he was so casual, then noticed he wasn’t exactly looking at her. Instead he seemed to be focusing on the windmill running again. “Aiden sure is something. He’d make an excellent farmhand, that is if he’s up to it.”

“Oh..um yeah, he actually helped with knocking down the bale of hay the other day, he’s great for hard-to-reach places. Also can you please look the other way? I’m kind of in the middle of something.” Unfortunately, saying something like this would trigger the brain’s natural curiosity and cause the opposite reaction. “Huh, what are you saying-OH JODIE! You’re um…”

“Naked?” she weakly responded. “Yeah, why are you-?”

“I was peeing. I still need to go actually, not quite finished yet. Hold on and gimme a minute.” Jodie explained and continued her trickle, gasping in relief. Intrigued, Jay couldn’t help but stare. The idea of a woman urinating like a man was unheard of, yet Jodie did so with ease. Once done, she rapidly shook her hips to dry off any urine droplets and pulled her underwear back on, then her jeans followed, complete with a zip and button. She turned to see an awestruck look on Jay’s face. “Jay, what the hell?! You were staring the whole time?!”

“I’m sorry! I’m just confused as hell. I come by and all of a sudden your pants and underwear are off, you actually joked about it, then you say you’re peeing which I didn’t even think was possible for women to do standing up. You sure proved me wrong…” Jodie decided to cut him some slack, and formed her own idea. “I understand.”

“Thanks, I’m so glad.” Jay replied in relief.

“Oh, you’re not off the hook yet. You saw me go, it’s only fair if you return the favor.” the tiny woman continued nonchalantly. Jay seemed to be pondering the idea when his radio crackled. His face suddenly formed into something serious, almost scared. “Shit Jodie we gotta go, Paw’s been hurt! Ye’iitsoh has come back and he’s wreaking havoc!”

“In the daytime?! We need to go there now, Aiden can still save him!” The offer already forgotten, they rode on horseback and zipped back to the ranch in record speed. Eventually they arrived and true to her word, Aiden healed Paul, Shimasani hadn’t been so lucky however. Jodie had finally gotten her to speak in order to perform the ritual that would send Ye’iitsoh back to his realm but the stress had done the old woman in. A funeral was held in her honor, and after a couple days of mourning and preparing, Jodie finally decided it was time to get going.

“You’re leaving already?” Paul questioned. “You’re a part of the family, you’re more than welcome to stay.”

“I know, and I thank you for that. However, I’m still on my journey. I’ll be back someday.”

“I sure would hope so.” Jay joined in with a teasing smile. “Askii’s going to miss you.”

“Sure it’s just him?” Jodie shot back with her own. Cory began laughing. “I knew I was right about you two. Thanks for giving my brother a chance, it was really nice having you over.” Jodie walked over and hugged him. “You too Cory. Make sure Jay doesn’t do anything stupid.”

“I sure will.”

“I can still hear you two you know.” Jay called back. Jodie turned to him and gave him a hug, along with a kiss. It was longer than the first one, this time a true promise.

“Stay safe Jodie. I don’t think I could handle it if something happened to you after we just got together.”

“I’ll be fine. Aiden and I are proud and stubborn, remember?”

“You’ve never been more right before. Oh, and Jodie?”

“Yeah Jay?”

“Don’t forget to hydrate frequently.” Knowing the implications, Jodie scoffed and rolled her eyes but the grin on her face was undeniable. Hopping on the motorcycle the couple repaired, she bade the family farewell and drove off into the sunset. Shimasani’s spirit looked on, proud of the girl for saving their family. Even if she was a strange one who enjoyed urinating more than the average person.

Ending note: Damn this was a long ass story! Why it was so long, I don’t know. I just really liked the Mission and the Navajo chapters so my imagination just took over. The wettings in this chapter are really lackluster, I’ll admit, but I can ensure the wettings and sex scenes in my Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy story will more than make up for it. Funnily enough, it kinda makes sense things worked out like that because out of the David Cage/Quantic Dream game series, Beyond Two Souls was the least sexy but the most well written and designed (besides Detroit Become Human that is) whereas Fahrenheit Indigo Prophecy was the most poorly written yet had the potential to the most erotic. Heavy Rain beats it in both categories, however that’s only because of Fahrenheit’s graphics limitations and the time it came out. Had it been released in 2010 or afterwards the nudity would’ve been mind blowing.

*003*2021-10-23 22:12

{{1 hour ago, Red41804 said:

Please do a extended version of Jodie peeing in the snow as your next story with the build up and relief described in detail.

}}

I probably will, but it's going to be a long while. I have a bunch of other priorities and writing this was only fun in the beginning and by the end I felt wiped out. In addition, a lot of content was cut here that might not jive with you. For example, when Jodie challenges Jay to see him take a leak, he was going to do it. As I previously mentioned however writing this was starting to become a chore so I just left it in as a teaser for my next Beyond Two Souls fic. In addition I was going to include an epilogue where Jodie and Jay end up having sex. If you're fine with these things then by all means stick around, I just wanted to let you know my ideas might be very different from yours.

*006*2021-10-24 16:27

I know it shouldn't have been so long, I'll try and fix that with the possible sequel. Also, if you enjoy it can you upvote it? It's not a big deal but I'd really appreciate it.

