Valerie 12: Amanda's boyfriend

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-06-29 05:30

Coming up behind me, Amanda put her arms round my neck and nuzzled my ear. "Tom, darling," she murmured huskily "I want to do something incredibly exciting with you today!"

Valerie regarded us over the rim of her breakfast coffee cup. "Let's cut to the chase" she said drily. "She wants you to drive her to the airport to pick up her new boyfriend."

Amanda poured herself an orange juice and a large cup of black coffee. "Mummy had said that Callum would be welcome to visit and he texted me last night to say that he has managed to get a cheap last-minute ticket on Easyjet to come over here for a couple of weeks. He is due to arrive at Pisa at eleven this morning."

"Happy to drive you there" I said, "but eleven o'clock will be tight. It's a good two hours' drive from here and it's already five past nine. We had better get going!"

Amanda quickly downed her juice and coffee and grabbed her handbag. I fetched some water bottles from the fridge and picked up the car keys.

Admiring the graceful swing of her hips, I followed Amanda down the narrow path to where the battered old Fiat hatchback was parked under the shade of a tree. She looked stunning in a cool, white, cotton crop shirt and a lilac and navy plaid tennis skirt that moved sensuously as she walked. I opened the passenger door for her and caught an enticing glimpse of pink cotton panties as she swung her legs into the car.

The engine clattered into life and we set off.

###

As we approached the airport, Amanda was crossing and re-crossing her legs, causing her already short skirt to ride up to crotch level in a most distracting manner. She frowned at her mobile phone. "Callum's plane has already landed" she said. "We'd better hurry!"

Biting back the obvious retorts that (1) we had been hurrying for the last two hours and (2) an even better plan would have been to have started earlier, I turned into the open air short term car park and backed into one of the few remaining spaces.

The battered old Fiat hatchback did not boast anything so sophisticated as air conditioning and Amanda had been taking frequent drinks of water during the hot, dusty journey. As I had not had the same opportunity whilst driving, I paused to gulp down a few mouthfuls of water before I got out of the car. "Hurry up!" urged Amanda, jigging up and down as she waited for me. "I need the loo urgently and I want to be in the arrivals hall when Callum comes through!"

We walked quickly over to the airport terminal. Passengers with Easyjet tags on their baggage were already coming into the crowded arrivals hall so Amanda headed straight over to the Customs exit to look out for him. Watching her from behind as she waited for Callum to appear, I again thought how gorgeous she looked in her pleated tennis skirt, moving restlessly from foot to foot as though she was about to wet herself.

She waved to a good looking boy in a T shirt and faded chinos. They kissed and Amanda murmured something in his ear "You're always bursting!" he replied with a smile.

"Tom, this is Callum" said Amanda. "Introduce yourselves, I must dash to the loo!" We watched her hurry through the chaos that is Pisa airport on a good day.

It turned out that Callum and I already knew each other slightly as we both played rugby for our respective universities and I remembered him as an impressive scrum half. "I guess by now you must be used to Amanda's tendency to leave everything to the last minute." I said.

"Oh yes" he laughed. "And sometimes until after the last minute!"

Amanda soon reappeared, looking frantic. "The nearest loos are closed for cleaning. I've been all the way to the other end of the terminal but there is a long queue for the ladies' loos there" she said. "I'll make a puddle on the floor if I try to wait so we'd better go. Maybe I can do a wee behind the car."

We walked out into the hot sunshine. I took out my mobile phone to use the parking fee app. Amanda suddenly froze and squeezed her legs tight. "I'm wetting my knickers!" she gasped. "Tom, give me your mobile, quick!"

"You want to take a selfie?" I asked, puzzled.

"No, you frabjous ass! Quick, hand it over! Pleeease!!!"

One of Pisa airport's few saving graces is a wide, attractive lawned area, studded with trees, terracotta planters and modern sculptures, that fronts the terminal building and separates it from the service road and the short term car park beyond.

I handed my mobile to Amanda who hurriedly stepped on to the grass and started taking photos of one of the sculptures. Pee streamed down her legs, over her flip-flops and into the grass at her feet. Most of the passers-by did not even glance at her - she was just another tourist taking a picture - but a young lad nudged his companion and said something. The other youth sniggered and they stopped to stare at Amanda. Callum and I advanced on the pair. Nothing was said, but they wisely decided to move on.

Amanda rejoined us. "Back under control for for the moment," she reported "but I'll need to finish off when we get to the car."

As luck would have it the car was backed into a space with a high hedge behind it separating the car park from the service road. I opened the car doors and the rear hatch to let the hot air out and we waited whilst Amanda stood behind the open passenger door, legs akimbo and skirt raised, wetting her pink cotton briefs for a second time. She gave us a cheeky grin as her pee splashed on to the tarmac and ran in rivulets beneath the cars on either side. "What's the matter with you two? Haven't you ever seen a girl do a wee before?"

###

When we arrived back at the villa we found that the others had already moved down to the poolside for the afternoon but had left us a cold lunch in the kitchen. Amanda hurried upstairs to change her wet knickers whilst Callum and I poured ourselves cold beers and grabbed a chicken drumstick each.

"Has Amanda explained the house rules?" I asked. Callum looked puzzled.

"We usually spend our afternoons around the swimming pool but it is some distance from the house. Angela, the girls' mother, is keen that we all stay hydrated in the heat, which means that sooner or later we all need to pee. We don't pee in the pool and rather than walk all the way back to the house the girls wet themselves. That was fine when they were all just family but it got a bit awkward when I appeared on the scene, followed by Jack, Emily's boyfriend. Rather than emphasising male superiority by taking a piss behind a tree, we do the same as the girls and pee in our shorts. OK with you?"

"Um, yes, sure" Callum replied. "Though it's going to feel a bit strange. I haven't pissed myself since I was a toddler. On the other hand I do get turned on when a girl wets herself, especially if she is doing it on purpose."

"You're in good company" I reassured him. "All of us boys are of the same mind! I recommend a plunge in the pool when it all gets too exciting."

###

After our late lunch Amanda, now wearing a bright yellow bikini and large straw hat, led us through the grounds of the villa down to the swimming pool where Emily and Jack were cavorting in the cool, fresh water. Angela and Valerie were relaxing on loungers under the shade of sun umbrellas - Valerie topless, wearing just a small pair of navy blue bikini briefs. They rose to greet Callum and the others scrambled out of the pool to be introduced to the new arrival.

After hands had been shaken all round, Amanda picked up a beach ball and challenged Emily and Jack to a game of pool volleyball. The four of them plunged into the water. After four hours of driving I was looking forward to drowsing away the heat of the afternoon so I pulled up a sun-lounger and stretched out beside Valerie.

Given the events of the morning it was, perhaps, not surprising that I found myself reflecting with erotic pleasure on the girls' various approaches to wetting themselves when the need arose.

Valerie had told me that as a child Amanda was about as predictable as an unexploded bomb. She tended to ignore the signals from her bladder if there was something more interesting going on and was not at all bothered about wetting her knickers, though her mother insisted that she showed due consideration to other people and to limiting collateral damage.

As a teenager she became aware of just how attractive she was to boys and started to take great care over personal grooming, clothes and makeup. Even so, when circumstances permitted, she would prefer to wet herself discreetly rather than tolerate the discomfort of a full bladder.

From my first day at the villa last year, she had no inhibitions about letting go in her bikini by the pool. On the other hand, when she had been unable to avoid wetting herself fully clothed whilst sheltering from a storm last year [Valerie stories 2 & 3] it later emerged that she had been quite upset at losing control in my presence. There was no sign of that embarrassment at the airport today. What has changed between then and now? Is it the extra confidence of a year at university? Or have I been promoted from intriguing stranger to trusted friend? Either way, Amanda is more complex than she seems.

I was musing on this enigma when Angela, the girls' mother, put down her novel, swung her long legs off her sun-lounger and stood up. She is, I thought, in remarkably good shape for a mother of three in her forties and the high-leg cut of her favourite teal swimsuit, which no doubt cost a fortune from some designer boutique in Florence, accentuated her elegant silhouette.

She took a few steps on to the grass and stood still as rivulets of pee coursed down her thighs on to the grass at her feet. When she had finished she walked over to the pool steps and entered the water, keeping well out of the way of the energetic game in progress.

Angela's approach to wetting herself is, as she had just demonstrated, relaxed, natural and matter of fact, though I notice that when Peter, her husband, is around there is a sexual charge in the air. It is clear that he finds it exciting and that she knows it.

Although Emily will usually wet herself rather than walking back to the house, she is much more discreet about it than Amanda. It is obvious that she has peed in her bikini, less obvious exactly when. However, from hints that Valerie has dropped, it seems that she is considerably less reserved when she is alone with Jack.

And...Valerie! I love watching her stand and gaze out across the Tuscan countryside as a triangle of moisture appears in the fabric of her bikini briefs and a stream of pee sparkles in the sunlight between her perfectly shaped legs.

My reverie was interrupted by Emily, Jack, Amanda and Callum noisily leaving the water, laughing and joking as they picked up towels from the stack on a table. Jack pissed in his shorts as he dried his hair. "Good man!" I thought. "Show the new boy how its done!" I noticed that Callum, however, did not follow suit.

I could understand his hesitation. It is one thing to agree in principle to the idea of peeing in your bathers but you have to overcome a lifetime of conditioning to stand up and deliberately wet yourself in front of people you have only just met, even if you see others doing the same.

Amanda sensed that all was not well with Callum, who was looking increasingly uncomfortable as the afternoon wore on. Eventually she stood up, took him by the hand, walked him over to a wooden bench on the grass, sat on his lap, kissed him and wet herself. She continued to pee into his lap until his soaked shorts could take no more and rivulets trickled through the bench slats on to the grass beneath them. Suddenly the stream doubled in size as Callum finally let go. She murmured something to him. His reply made Amanda squeal with laughter, jump up and run to the pool, with Callum in hot pursuit.

###

Emily and Jack had organised a poolside barbecue that evening. Jack was frying steaks, sausages and seafood kebabs on the glowing charcoal bed of the built-in barbecue and Emily, who had finished her part of the preparations, sat on the low wall that surrounded the pool terrace watching him at work.

Cool and elegant in her coral pink bikini, she looked as though she had stepped straight out of the pages of a fashion magazine. It was only because I happened to be looking in her direction that I noticed the moment when a puddle emerged beneath her shapely rear, expanded over the coping stones of the wall and overflowed on to the paving below.

Jack and Emily served up the barbecued meat, seafood, salad and crusty bread and we all stood around, eating and drinking chilled Peroni beer from bottles. When Angela had finished her food she walked a short distance on to the lawn, crouched down and peed through her swimsuit for the second time that afternoon. The pattering sound of pee on grass became a splashing sound as a puddle formed beneath her before slowly soaking into the ground.

Having spent the day topless, Valerie put on a high-waisted, long-sleeved jumper as the sun set and the temperature began to drop. The effect was surprisingly sexy, emphasising her nudity from the waist down apart from that provocative little pair of navy blue bikini briefs.

The combination of cooler air and chilled beer took its effect on Valerie. Swigging from her third large bottle of Peroni she wet herself in the middle of a conversation with Emily and Jack, after which she ceased to make any effort to control her sphincter, almost continuously leaking and spurting small amounts of pee into her already soaked bikini briefs and leaving a trail of splashes and small puddles on the pool terrace.

Feeling the pressure of the beer myself, I stepped aside and let go, feeling the warmth spread through the fabric of my Speedos beneath my t-shirt. It was, I reflected, a good thing that the villa's automatic sprinklers came on before dawn to keep lawns and terraces well watered.

Amanda and Callum, who was now looking much more relaxed, walked over to the grass. Amanda held both of Callum's hands as she wet her yellow bikini briefs. A second stream of pee fell from the legs of his swimming shorts. The taboo had been broken.

Darkness fell and the charcoal embers of the barbecue slowly faded. Angela helped Jack and Emily clear up the debris of the meal and carry it up to the villa. Amanda called goodnight and, hand in hand, she and Callum followed them indoors.

"After Amanda has had her wicked way with him tonight, I doubt Callum will be able to erect so much as a sun umbrella by morning" I predicted.

Valerie giggled. "That gives me an idea!" she said, taking my hand and leading up the path to the villa.

*003*2018-06-30 20:23

Thanks, guys, it really means a lot to know that people like these stories

