Ashley is Forced to Sit...

Author: Omo-Ella

*000*2025-10-28 05:00

It's been a while since I posted a story here. I've been having horrible writer's block in general, but I finally managed to put something together. This is the first part of a series involving a polycule of four of my OC's. Only two of them show up in this part, but the other two will show up later on.

Ashley is a very short-statured woman. Standing at just under 1.5 meters tall, it’s clear that many people wouldn’t think much of her in terms of strength. However, in spite of her size, Ash was incredibly strong-willed, and she loves to push herself to the limit…especially her bladder. She had been watching her favorite movie, Jaws, and made sure to drink a plethora of water and soda. Specifically, she managed to drink three large bottles of water, and an entire six pack of Sprite. By the time the movie ended, her bladder was very full. Ash squirmed around on the couch, trying to hold the lake of piss inside her. She really wanted to go to the bathroom, but she really loved the feeling of needing to pee, so she kept herself on the couch.

Eventually, after hours of waiting, Ashley’s girlfriend, the beautiful Amazon Jessica, entered through the door. Compared to Ashley, she was like a giant goddess, being able to comfortably rest her breasts on top of Ashley’s head, and Ashley treated her as such. She immediately stood up, and walked over to her as fast as she could (which wasn’t very fast, considering how much pee she was focused on keeping inside her) and went on her knees.

“M-mistress! I’m so happy that y-you’ve returned!” Ashley whimpered, trying to maintain her composure.

“Ash! Oh my God, I’ve missed you so much!” She brought her hands down and lifted Ash’s face up. She knelt down and gave her a very intimate kiss. Ash felt a chill run through her entire body. She felt like she was in Heaven…

“I brought you something, Ash. Are you excited?” Ash nodded enthusiastically, and then Jessica pulled out a bag, containing five bottles of Orange Starburst Sparkling Water, Ash’s favorite drink. She beamed with excitement, but her left eye twitched slightly.

“Th-thank you, Mistress!” she beamed. “Um…if you d-don’t mind though…I drank three liters while you were gone, and as you can see…” She lifted her shirt up, revealing her bladder bump. “…I really need to pee. D-do you mind if I go to the bathroom, pretty please?”

Jessica tapped her cheek, and then made a devious grin.

“Come with me, my cute little desperate princess…” the two of them walked over to the bathroom, and Jessica lowered the toilet lid.

“Sit. Right here, come on…” she commanded, clapping her hands. Ashley obeyed, squirming as she rested her butt on top of the toilet…the thing that would give her relief.

“Now, I have one more errand that I need to run. It’s going to take quite a while. You are required to sit right here and not leave that spot until I arrive, understand?”

“Oh…okay. Um…how long will it be, exactly?” Ash asked, trying not to fidget.

“Oh, not too long. Only about 5 hours or so.”

Ash winced. Five…hours?!?! But she was already desperate to pee, and sitting on the toilet lid made things even worse. Still…the increasingly impossible challenge made her…excited?

“O…Kay…and l-let me guess, I h-have to drink all five of th-those bottles?”

Jessica laughed. “Oh no! I’m not that cruel!” But before she could celebrate, Ash had her hair pulled by her dom, their eyes locking. She made a light squeal, but the forcefulness was just so arousing.

“I’m not cruel; I’m fucking sadistic! You understand me, whore?!”

“Y-yes!”

“You’re going to drink down these bottles, and then you’re going to drink from a pitcher that I’m going to fill up and give to you before I leave! You’re going to send me a picture of every empty container, and you are going to say ‘Thank you, Mistress Jessica! May I please have some more to drink?’ Understand?!”

Jessica’s aggression almost made Ash piss herself then and there, but instead of doing that, she nodded like the good omo slut she is.

“Good…now, I’ll be right back…”

While Jessica went to fill up the massive pitcher they owned, Ash placed her hands on her quivering knees, mentally preparing for the onslaught of fluid intake she was about to endure. When Jess came back with a full 2 liter pitcher, Ash couldn’t help but gasp.

“Here it is, Ash. From now on, the only time you can get up from that toilet seat is when you’re walking over to bring this over to you, got it?”

“Y-yes M-Mistress!”

“Good! Oh, and one more thing; don’t try anything clever, like peeing yourself and acting like you’re still desperate, or pouring the bottles in the sink or toilet. For one thing, I’m going to lock your shorts up, so you can’t take them off, which means I’ll know if you pissed yourself. Also…” Jessica pointed to a corner in the ceiling. There was a camera there! “I have that camera connected to my phone, and I can see if you try to pour anything out. But…I know my Omo princess wouldn’t even think about doing something like that…right?”

Ash shook her head no…but something in her head wanted to be a little bratty.

“What happens if I do, huh? What are you gonna do about it? C’mon Mistress, give me a real punishment!”

They both shared a laugh (though, because of her desperation, Ash made more of a whimper), and Jessica leaned forward, close to Ash’s ear.

“I’ll hand you over to Mark for a day. How does that sound?”

Ash’s eyes widened. “You wouldn’t…”

“Don’t tempt me, slut. Now…I’m heading out. Remember Ashley…good girls don’t pee.”

With that, Jessica placed a lock on Ashley’s pants, preventing her from pulling them down, and then left after giving her a kiss on the cheek. Immediately, Ash crossed her legs. She looked down at the toilet, the temptation already running through her mind, which only worsened her desperation.

Suddenly, Ash felt a vibration come from her phone. She pulled it up, and realized that it was Jessica.

“You look so thirsty babe. Have one of those Sparkling waters. Now.”

Ash grimaced, but reached for one of the bottles and started drinking. The drink tasted good, with a light burn in her throat that wasn’t unbearable, but definitely gave it an extra punch, which she loved. However, within minutes, her pleasure turned into a worsening agony in her bladder.

“I finished it, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress! May I please have another drink?” Ash texted back, which took her forever to type due to her desperation. Jessica didn’t respond immediately, and Ash could feel her bladder becoming more and more filled the longer she waited. Eventually though, Ash could see that Jessica was typing.

“Good little slut. Drink another.”

Ash obeyed, opening up another bottle of Sparkling water and slowly drinking it down. Each gulp felt like a pound weight dropping on her bladder.

“Ugh…” she moaned, dropping the second bottle on the bathroom floor. “It feels like a fucking bowling ball…how am I supposed to keep all this…piss inside me…for five f-fucking hours???”

“Are you finished yet, little slut?” Jessica texted.

Ash’s thumbs quivered so much that she could barely respond. “Yes…mystery.” She looked again, and noticed the typo, and against her better judgment, she added “*Mistress”.

“Lmfao, you can’t even spell Mistress?! That will not do, slut. Drink another bottle, and then write a 100 word essay about how much you love holding for me. Also, DON’T FORGET PICTURES!!!”

Ashley winced. She huffed at such a cruel punishment over something so minor! Nonetheless, she took another bottle of Sparkling Water and guzzled it down, her bladder filling even more. Afterwards, she took a picture of it and the second bottle she forgot to take earlier, and sent it to Jessica.

“Here are the empty bottles, Mistress. Thank you. May I please have another? Also, I will type out my essay to you in a second,” Ash texted back. Jessica only responded with a thumb’s up.

“Okay…okay…” Ash composed herself as much as she could, and began writing.

“Oh, how I love holding for you, my delightful Mistress! The more my bladder fills up, the more the love for you fills up as well! Even when my bladder is inflated like a beach ball, I still love holding my pee for you. I love it when you caress and poke and press on my bladder. The extra challenge turns me on like nothing else. I love sitting here, desperately waiting for you to come back and completely control me like a puppet. I want to never pee myself until you say so, because you are my Queen, my Mistress. Truly I say, my swelling bladder can only be a fraction of my love for you. I love you, Mistress.”

Ashley nearly dropped her phone when she sent that message, she had to pee so bad. She clasped both hands over her crotch, hoping that Jessica would think highly of her short essay.

“...Damn. That was so fucking hot.” Jessica texted back. “Drink the rest of the Sparkling Water, then let your kidneys rest for one hour. God, I’m so fucking horny right now. When I get back, you and I are going to have lots of fun.”

Ashley obeyed, grabbing the two bottles of Sparkling water with her quivering hands. She guzzled them down, her bladder continuing to inflate as she did so. She hoped that by drinking them really fast, she would have even the slightest bit of relief by not having to drink any sooner, but as she sat there, the fluids continuing to build up, the desperation became more intense than she could even conceive. Tears started to build up in her eyes, and drool began escaping her mouth. No matter how hard she grabbed herself, no matter how tightly she crossed her pudgy legs, the agonizing desperation wouldn’t cease.

Approximately an hour later, Jessica sent her poor desperate girlfriend another text.

“Aw…you look so fucking desperate right now, sweetheart. Can you still drink some, or are you completely full?”

“I…can…drink…some…more…Mistress…” Ashley tearfully replied, even though she felt like even a single drop would make her completely burst unlike anything she had ever peed before.

“You’re such a good girl. Drink up that 2 liter pitcher for me, okay? I believe in you, sweetheart. Then, you don’t have to drink anymore.”

Oh God, why did she fucking do that?! She was desperate beyond comprehension, and yet…she was loving every second of it. Ash got up and shuffled over to the opposite end of the bathroom where the pitcher was, both hands glued to her pussy. When after what felt like days, she finally got to the pitcher, she tried grabbing onto it, but it felt so heavy. Her body was using nearly all of its strength trying to prevent a catastrophic deluge of piss from exiting her body. She resorted to setting the pitcher on the ground and pushing it with her foot over to the toilet while her hands were occupied with helping her crotch. It dawned on her that all that weight inside that pitcher was going to eventually end up inside her.

Then, she got another text. Ash looked at her phone, and her eyes widened in horror.

“Sorry Princess, but pushing the pitcher with your foot isn’t allowed. You have to carry it, with both hands, back to the toilet. At first, all Ash could do was stare at her phone in shock. That command felt next to impossible with her current state! How in the flying fuck was she able to…

“No! No time for doubt! You can’t disappoint your Mistress! It’s not that heavy, and it isn’t that far! Quit whining like a little bitch and do it!” a voice in the back of her desperate mind told her. She whimpered, she pleaded, and she cried, but somehow, she hoisted the pitcher up, shuffled to the toilet as fast as she possibly could, and then sat back down.

“Ngh!” she moaned, grabbing herself and accidentally nearly kicking the pitcher as she sat back down on the toilet lid.

“Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck!!!”

Eventually her bulging bladder calmed down enough to where she was able to pick the pitcher up and set it on her lap. She stared at it for a while, stunned at what she was about to do. 2 more liters…67 more ounces…how was she able to hold on after that??? She didn’t know…but she was determined to find out. She screwed the lid of the pitcher to where water could flow out, and she put her mouth on it. She tried to drink fast, but that was simply not a viable option, so she just took it one gulp at a time. Every swig, every drop, felt like climbing a mountain with 100 pounds strapped to each of your arms. She drank and drank, stopping on occasion to hold herself from the agonizing desperation. Eventually, the pitcher somehow managed to become empty. Ash was amazed at her feat of bladder strength…but her amazement was almost instantly replaced with mind numbing desperation.

“Holy shit, I almost thought you wouldn’t be able to do it! Good job, sweetheart! Now just hold it for me for only a couple more hours.”

As it turned out, it was not 2 hours, but 4 hours, but nevertheless, Jessica did eventually arrive. As she walked through the door, she threw her shoes off, plopped on the couch, and stretched out…but then she remembered her agonizingly desperate girlfriend waiting on the toilet…

“Oh, right,” she exclaimed, facepalming. She opened the door, and saw Ashley in all her mind-numbingly desperate glory. Her bladder was swollen to the size of a beach ball, and her legs were practically double twisted. Her hands were locked between her quivering thighs, and tears were falling from her cheeks.

“Hohoho! You actually managed to hold on! Good girl. You know, I don’t like you sitting here like this. Stand up.”

Ash obeyed, slowly trying to get to her feet. However, Jessica pulled her forcefully, nearly making her piss herself on the spot. She grabbed her by her wrists and hoisted her arms above her head. She pulled her shirt off, and then her bra, and then brought her over to the shower. She took out two pairs of handcuffs and cuffed Ash’s wrists to the shower rod. Ash was short enough to where she could just keep herself on the ground by being on her tippy toes, making it much more difficult to cross her legs.

“M-M-Mistress…th-this i-is s-so b-b-bad…”

“I have some news for you, my little omo slut. You’re not the only one holding right now!” Jessica stripped naked, revealing her incredible physique, but also showing a massive bladder bulge, even bigger than Ashley’s!

“I’ve been holding 5 gallons of fluids for two days straight, and I could hold it for longer…but since I know how much you love seeing others pee when you’re bursting…” Jessica then lifted the toilet lid back up, sat down on it, and let loose. The thunderous sound of a jetstream of piss practically punching a hole through the toilet somehow made Ash’s desperation even worse! Even worse, Jessica kept going, and going, and going, barely even flinching in the process, as if holding that much for so long was nothing!

“Agh! P-please Jessica! P-please s-stop!!!”

“Okay, Princess.” Before she was even finished, she managed to stop the flow. Jess cleaned herself, then walked to the faucet and washed her hands. Afterwards, she filled up the pitcher and guzzled it down with ease. Ash could see her bladder visibly swell.

“Alright, enough about me! Let’s bring our attention to you, slut.”

Jessica walked around Ash, standing right behind her, and she began playing with her titties. Ash felt lightheaded, not only because of the desperation, but also because Jessica knew just the right way to make her feel a ridiculous amount of pleasure by playing with her breasts.

“Oh God! F-f-f…OH FUCK!” she squealed.

“Go on, slut. Piss your pants for me. I’m in a very punishing mood today, hehehe…” She then wrapped her firm, muscular hands around Ash’s bulging bladder, and began to push.

“JESS, DON’T!!!” Ash bellowed. Jessica ignored her pleas.

“You know what’s gonna happen when you piss yourself, whore? Well, you’re gonna find out soon enough, aren’t ya?”

Ash tried her best, but eventually, the firm bladder presses combined with the bondage was simply too much for her. She yelped as a torrent of piss completely soaked her pants within seconds.

“Yeah, there we go, that’s what we wanna see!”

“Jess, you bi-bitch!” Ashley squeaked as more and more pee flowed out of her like a raging waterfall. After over a minute straight of the most intense power-pissing of her entire life, Ash’s bladder finally became empty. Ash began to breathe heavily, the pressure mixed with pleasure being overwhelming. She didn’t even notice Jess exit the bathroom…and come back with a whip. She made Ash turn around, and then she unlocked Ash’s completely drenched pants, exposing her bare ass right in front of her.

“Alright whore, you did a great job holding today, so I’m going to be very generous. Pick a number between 1 and 50.”

“Uhhhh…16?”

“That’s how many times I want you to say ‘Thank you Mistress’ or ‘Harder, Mistress!’ before you can just…take it.”

Ash couldn’t help but smile. She loved this…so much.

“Thank you, Mistress…”

Jessica twisted the whip, and a sadistic smirk formed on her face.

Then, a powerful crack echoed in the bathroom. Ash jolted, the whip burning her ass with a single strike!

“AH!!!” she bellowed, lifting one of her legs up and using her foot to try to massage her red backside.

“What was that?!” Jessica sternly asked, pulling Ash’s hair and saying it directly into her ear.

“Oh! Uh, th-thank-”

“Let’s try that again.”

Again, she whipped Ashley’s butt really hard, causing more pain than last time.

“THANK YOU! THANK YOU MISTRESS!!!” she bellowed, tears forming from the stinging.

“That’s better. I want to hear fifteen more of that, exactly like that! Understand?!” Ash nodded frantically.

Smack!

“ARGH! THANK YOU, MISTRESS!!!”

Smack!

“AGH! THANK YOU, MISTRESS!!!”

Smack!

“HMM! THANK YOU, MISTRESS!!!”

Smack!

“FUCK!!! THANK YOU, MISTRESS!!!”

Smack!

“ARGH! THANK YOU, MISTRESS!!!”

Smack!

“ARGH! THANK YOU, MIS-”

Before she could finish, more piss began trickling down her legs. Jessica couldn’t help but laugh.

“More left in the tanker, eh?! I would say to restart, but eh…I feel kinda bad about leaving you here a couple hours extra. Sorry about that by the way, I got stuck in traffic. Alright, what number were we on?”

“Uh…seven, I think?”

“Good girl.”

Jessica whipped her nine more times, each one feeling more painful than the last. Ashley cried out thanks, tears streaming down her face, and piss occasionally still coming out of her. After sixteen whips, Jess allowed Ashley to just yell and cry, without needing to say anything else. Eventually, Jessica finally grew tired of the whipping.

“Okay, sweetheart. That was fantastic!” she said as she unlocked Ashley from the shower rod. She wrapped her lovely girlfriend with a towel, lifted her up, and carried her to their bedroom, and as Ash laid there, her mind almost evaporated from the pleasurable pain she experienced, Jessica came in with some ice packs for her bottom.

“Here you go, sweetheart,” she whispered softly, kissing her on the nose. Ash turned around and applied the ice to her red aching bottom. Jessica got on top of her and began massaging her shoulders.

“You did so good today, Ash. So good…” She wanted to let her know how much of a beautiful, strong, simply terrific woman she was, but before she knew it, Ash had already fallen asleep, so she put a blanket over her, kissed her forehead, and let her rest.

…

Then she dashed into the bathroom, frantically trying not to explode from her own extremely full bladder. She sat back down on the toilet, and…and…

“Wait wait wait…come on, come on, come on!!!” Jess spread her legs apart, trying to prevent herself from pissing. Eventually, the horrible surge of desperation died down.

“Damn. Bad girl…bad girl…”

She picked up the empty pitcher and walked over to the faucet. She filled it up, and drank it down. Jessica then walked out of the bathroom, and then plopped on the couch.

She was going to hold it…

