P-Volt (5-Volt (Warioware)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-08-26 18:19

(With WarioWare:Get it together coming out soon and having a demo now,i wanted to make a story starring a Warioware character. Plus there has been a few toilet related microgames throughout the series.)

"Alright mom! I'm off!" 9-Volt yelled as he hopped on his skateboard and zoomed away from his house. His mother waved at him with a smile and then went back inside the house while taking a sip from her morning tea. 9-Volts mother (Otherwise known as 5-Volt) was now alone in her house doing her usual morning routine.

"Hmm...Maybe i'll do some bodybuilding today..." 5-Volt thought as she entered the kitchen. She placed the now empty cup of tea in the sink and went to check the fridge. Upon opening it,she noticed how little food there was in it. She then checked the cabinets and they too were missing a few things.

"Looks like i'm gonna have to do some shopping..." 5-Volt said. She went to the door and grabbed her keys. The mother then entered her car and drove off in the direction of the shops. The drive was pretty calm up until she heard a car horn. She stopped the car and noticed the long line of cars in front of her. 5-Volt let out a sigh and leaned into her seat,waiting for the other cars to get a move on. Several minutes had passed and she had only driven a short distance away from where she was first. To make matters worse,she begin feeling a familiar pang in her body.

"Hmm...forgot to use the bathroom..." 5-Volt said to herself. It seemed like the tea she drank had gone through her quicker than she had expected. She looked around and there were still cars in front of her. 5-Volt still smiled.

"I'll just go when i arrive at the shops." She said to herself.

###

"My...Finally..." 5-Volt said as she drove at a faster pace. Now that there was no longer a traffic jam,she was able to continue driving at her usual speed. With no other car lines in sight,it didn't take much longer for her to arrive at the shopping district. She stepped out of her car and grabbed her bags. 5-Volt began humming while making her way to the supermarket. She grabbed a shopping cart and began looking for all the food she'd need.

"Let's see here...First we need steak." She said as she looked at the top of the list. She went at the Meat section and grabbed the amount of steak she needed. She continued making her way through the market. However,every once in a while she began feeling the same pressure in her body,only a bit stronger. But she shrugged it off.

"I can take care of it later. Getting food is more important." She said to herself as she put another item in her car. She continued going through the store until she got every item on her list. Once that was done,she went to the check out while humming. However,her mood turned slightly sour when she noticed yet another line. This time of people instead of cars. She pouted and looked around. There were no other registers open,so she had no choice but to wait. And now that she was standing still,her bladder began signalling her once again. 5-Volt tapped her feet and waited for her turn.

###

"That'll be 60 coins,please." The cashier said. 5-Volt dug through her purse and gave the cashier the coins. She stood there,still tapping her feet while waiting for the cashier to give her the change.

"Here you go ma'am!"

"Thank you." 5-Volt replied and put the coins back in her bag. She began putting all her food in a few bags. And with barely any effort,she carried them out of the store.

"Heh! That work out routine has really paid off!" 5-Volt said to herself as she began making her way back to the car to put the bags in. After putting the bags in,she entered the car and then thought of something.

"Maybe i should get some new clothes for 9-Volt." She said to herself. She had noticed that a lot of his clothes had become to small for him,so a trip to the clothes store seemed like a good idea while she was here. She started her car up and began driving towards the clothes store. But thanks to another jolt going through her body,she remembered her need to pee. She exhaled and tried to ignore the pressure once again.

"I'll use a toilet after i'm done with this." She thought.

###

5-Volt entered the clothes store and looked around for something her son would like. Both she and her son loved one thing more than anything else: video games. So she began looking for shirts with video game characters on them. However,all she saw were plain shirts. 5-Volt crossed her legs and looked kept looking around. She remembered there being a section with video game-themed,but her thoughts kept being interrupted by her bladder urging her to relieve herself.

"Are you looking for something,ma'am?" A voice said. 5-Volt turned around and saw a familiar face: Mona. A girl that had so many jobs,seeing her work here wasn't that much of a surprise.

"Oh. Hi,Mona! I'm looking for shirts for 9-volt." 5-Volt replied.

"Ah! Okay! We got those! Please,follow me!" Mona said while beckoning. 5-Volt followed her. But with every step she took,she felt a twinge in her body.

"Here you go,Mrs. Volt. I'm sure your son will love these!" Mona said as she pointed at the collection. 5-volt thanked Mona. But before Mona left to continue her work,5-Volt made sure to ask her something.

"Uhh...Are there any restrooms in this store?"

"Oh,yeah. But uhh...Unfortunately,They're for employees only." Mona replied.

"Can't you make an exception? I need to go pretty badly right now." 5-Volt said. Rubbing her legs together tighter in an attempt to prove her point.

"I'm sorry. But i don't want Joe to get mad at me for breaking the rules." Mona said. 5-Volt sighed and thanked her for her help regardless. At least she had found where the clothes were located. Now all she had to do was pick a few and then return home.

###

5-volt entered her car and took a moment to place her hands between her legs.

"Just a bit more. All i have to do is drive home and then i'll be able to...." 5-volt said. Stopping mid-sentence when she remembered something.

"Mom! Look! I got an A for today's test!" 9-volts voice said.

"Congratulations! I'm proud of you sweetie!" 5-volt replied while clapping. She then hugged her son.

"So umm....remember the promise you made?" 9-volt asked. 5-volt chuckled and patted her son.

"I'll buy you that game as promised..." 5-volt replied.

"Whoooo! Yeah! Thank you mom!" 9-volt said.

5-volts eyes widened after remembering those words. Her bladder was protesting,but she was already shopping.

"One more trip." She said to herself.

###

Thankfully,The ride to the game store didn't take very long. And all she had to do was find the game,buy it and then head home. Easy right? 5-volt made her way through the small gaming store. The store was a little crowded,so she bumped into a few customers while looking for the game. Eventually,she found the game she was looking.

"Oh,thank the Power Stars! Alright,time to go!" 5-volt said. She made her way to the register and then groaned. There was a line yet again. Granted,it was way shorter than the one at the supermarket,but it still meant her trip home would be delayed a little. She placed her purse in front of her and crossed her legs while shaking her body to try and ease the pressure.

"C'mon. Hurry up!" 5-volt said,feeling more impatient than usual thanks to her bladder. She almost yelled that sentence,but she was well aware of how scary she could be when angry and she didn't want to give everyone in the store a heart attack. So she ultimately stayed quiet and waited for her turn.

###

"Ah! Finally! I need to go so badly!" 5-volt said as she began to start up her car. She tried driving as fast as she could without breaking the speed limit. Her bladder was begging for release now and the last thing she needed now was to he pulled over. She crossed her legs while sitting and she was sweating and gritting her teeth. And her frustration only increased when she saw a few cars up ahead stopping for a traffic light.

She whined and jammed both of her hands between her legs. She looked around to try and take her mind of off her bladder,but nothing was working.

"C'mon! Please hurry! I need to go!" 5-volt said. Suddenly,she heard a car beeping. The sudden noise startled her and nearly made her released all that urine. She turned around and saw the car behind her angrily pressing the car horn. She looked at the stoplight and her face beamed as she saw the green light. She immediately speed of then then slowed down to comply with the speed limits.

"C'mon! Just a few more minutes!" 5-volt said.

###

The car came to a screeching halt and 5 volt quickly stepped out of the car. She was about to grab all the stuff in the car,but she stiffened up when she felt another jolt going through body.

"I gotta pee! Gotta pee! Gotta pee!" She said to herself. All the groceries could wait. Right now she had to relieve herself.

Speed up!

Stage 1

Open the door!

She bolted towards the door while holding both hands between her legs.

3

She began digging through the her purse for the keys.

2

"C'mon! Where is it! Where is it?!" She said as she hastily dug through it.

1

She pulled her hand out of the purse and saw the key. She hastily unlocked the door and entered the house.

Excellent!

Stage 2

Relieve yourself!

She ran to the bathroom and quickly closed the door behind her.

3

She turned around and had a look of joy upon looking at the toilet behind her.

2

The sight of it however,made her bladder ache even more. So she quickly walked to it and hastily took of her apron. She them yanked down her pants and then her panties.

1

She turned around and plopped down on the toilet. 5-Volt was no longer able to hold it and let out a torrent of pee into the toilet bowl.

"Aaaaaaaaaaahhh!" 5-volt sighed. Her face flushed red as she leaned her body forward. Her stream continued cascading down the toilet,filling the bathroom with the sounds of splattering water. And along side those noises were a few sighs of relief that she couldn't hold back.

"Oh. Thank the stars i made it. I was on the verge of having an accident." She said to herself. However,the feeling of relief soon came to an end. Her stream weakened and then completely stopped. 5-Volt reached for the roll of toilet paper and used a few squares to wipe herself. Once she was clean,she dropped the paper in the toilet and got up. After pulling up her pants and panties,she flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

"Ah...that felt so great. Hmm...Maybe i'll try testing my limits a bit more often." She said to herself.

"Ehh..Maybe. Right now,i have to take everything out of the car." She said as she exited the bathroom with a smile.

