Haley's Beach Desperation (Stardew Valley fanfic)

Author: ohmyomo

*000*2021-05-13 22:01

Haley adjusted the strap of her baby blue bikini as she crossed the bridge towards the beach, yellow towel in hand. She had wondered momentarily before leaving the house if the strappy swimsuit was a little too revealing for such a small, sleepy town, but someone had to bring a little bit of style and sensuality to Stardew Valley, and it might as well be her. She was proud of her body, after all, so she might as well show it off a little.

Once she arrived at the beach, she spread out her towel in the sand and laid down on her stomach, hoping to get a little sun on the backs of her thighs to balance out the tan she’d gotten started on her front while napping outside her house the other day. Something about the sun just tended to put Haley to sleep as soon as she got comfortable, and today was no different; she felt herself beginning to drift off as soon as she got settled, only pausing for a moment before closing her eyes to note the slight twinge of her bladder as her stomach pressed down against the towel. She had drank copious amounts of water that morning, aware that she’d probably dehydrate herself if she laid out in the sun too long without it, but she figured she could probably head back to the house to pee once she started to get sick of the heat.

An hour later, Haley woke with a start and quickly realized her mistake.

That twinge in her bladder? While she napped, it had become much more than a twinge; as she blinked into awareness, feeling the heat of the sun against her back and thighs, Haley realized she was absolutely desperate to pee, and if she did not get up and find somewhere to go very, very soon it would be too late.

The sound of the waves against the beach about ten yards away was certainly not helping. With each whoosh of the water onto the sand, Haley had to stop herself from imagining how it might feel to let go and release her own gush of liquid. She shifted a little, trying to decide the best way to turn over and sit up without jostling her extremely full bladder, but the movement only increased her urgency, and she had to close her eyes tight for a moment and clench every muscle she could to keep from letting anything leak out then and there.

At the mortifying thought of wetting her swimsuit, Haley stealthily peered around her to see who would be witnesses if the worst truly happened. The beach was mercifully mostly empty; she saw who she thought must be Leah off in the cove gathering corals or something - yuck - and Jodi and her kid playing in the surf, but they were far enough away that she couldn’t make out any details. The closest person to her location was the new farmer in town, who appeared to be fishing on the shore not too far from where Haley lay, but who was thankfully looking in the opposite direction.

I’m not going to wet myself like a little girl, Haley thought determinedly, but at least if I did, I wouldn’t have too much of an audience.

She felt another sudden spasm in her bladder, and realized it was time to act if she didn’t want to start pissing herself right where she lay. Pursing her lips and holding her pelvic muscles tight with all of her might, Haley rolled over to her front and quickly sat up on her towel. However, the rapid movement must have caused the liquid to slosh around inside her, because she suddenly felt a little bit of pee leak out despite how intently she was trying to hold it all in. She gave a sharp gasp at the sensation, her hand shooting down between her legs to grab herself and try to hold any more back from spilling out of her. She just barely managed to stop the leak from turning into a flow, but she felt a small patch of warm wetness against her hand where she had it shoved tightly against her swimsuit-covered labia, and after reluctantly releasing herself she looked down and was horrified to see an obvious wet spot near the front of her bikini.

Fuck, she thought, biting her lip in desperation. Now I definitely can’t let anyone see me. That’s unmistakably a pee spot.

Her leg bounced up and down where she sat as Haley tried to plan out her next move, feeling more frantic by the second. At this rate, there was no way she would be able to make it back to her house without an accident, and there was also a much higher chance of running into someone she knew if she attempted the walk back. She was petrified for a moment at the hypothetical scenario that popped into her head of her losing control on the bridge or the road and all of the pee gushing out of her while Alex or her sister looked on in horror. No, she would not let that happen - there would have to be another way out of this situation.

She became aware once again of the sound of the waves, which continued to heighten her desperation but also caused an idea to pop into her head. Maybe she should just go pee in the ocean? She usually avoided actually going into the water - the thought of fish brushing against her freaked her out, and she’d worked too hard on getting her hair perfect for it to get wet - but she realized at this point there might be no other option.

However, as though her body was determined to betray her, as soon as the idea came to her head the pressure in her bladder reached a new level of urgency, and Haley suddenly and despairingly realized she wasn’t going to make it. She stood up and took her first step towards the water, but as soon as she did so she doubled over as another large leak seemed to fall right out of her. This one had more power behind it than the first one, and she heard a small hiss as the pee shot through her bikini and onto the sand, leaving a conspicuous dark spot where it landed.

Haley managed to clench tightly and stem the flow for a moment more, but as she tried to take another step, another brief stream of pee gushed out of her, leaving another dark spot on the sand just inches away from the first. She tried taking a few more steps, with the same results each time - step, spurt, step, spurt - before she realized there was no use; it was all going to come gushing out of her, and there was absolutely nothing she could do to stop it.

With one last quick, desperate peek around to make sure no one was looking her way, Haley quickly pulled the soaking crotch of her swimsuit off to the side, so that at least it wouldn’t get any more pee-drenched than it already was. She couldn’t stop the gush from starting as she did so, hot pee spilling onto her hand as she moved the fabric out of the way and exposed her dripping labia to the open air.

The feeling of relief as she at last let go was indescribable. Haley’s face reddened in shame at the thought of how she must look as the strong stream of liquid poured out of her, desperately pissing all over her legs and the sand with her pussy bared to the world, the hiss and splattering sound loud enough to be audible over the waves.

It felt like she must have been going for over a minute. The sand couldn’t soak it up fast enough, and Haley winced a bit at the splashing sound of the puddle forming around her feet. Finally her stream began to slow, until a few final bursts came out of her that turned into small drips until her bladder was completely empty.

Oh. My. God. she thought, taking a deep breath of embarrassment as she shook herself off and moved the drenched crotch of her bikini bottom back into place. I literally cannot believe I just pissed all over myself in public.

Haley knew she had to do something about the obvious evidence on her swimsuit of what had happened - not to mention the drops that were still making their way down her legs - so she briskly walked back to her towel and wrapped it around her lower half, planning to go take a quick dip in the ocean to clean off the wet, pissy mess she’d made of herself.

She tried to look inconspicuous as she approached the surf, and she noticed as her feet touched the waves that the farmer was no longer fishing and was instead putting away the last of their supplies in the tackle box behind them, which they’d probably been doing for a while. That meant they had been facing in her direction without her noticing… Oh God, thought Haley, how much did they see?

However, she didn’t get an answer to her question as the farmer finished packing up and left with a wink and a wave, and Haley waited until they were far enough away not to see her in any detail before she let her towel drop and walked into the water to get clean, promising herself that she would never again let herself drift off for a nap without emptying her bladder first.

