Madison Paige: Sleepless Wetting

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-08-02 17:18

Beginning Note: First off, for those who are upset or still waiting on my Ada and Rebecca follow up story, I promise you I’m still working on that. I wanted to put this one out however because I’ve had this idea for a while, and I wanted to establish my content wasn’t just Resident Evil, there will be others. Also this isn’t the first Heavy Rain Omorashi fic, there’s actually another one very similar:

However, that one has scat and while that’s perfectly fine I’m not into that, I wanted a pure wetting version so that’s what I’m making. In addition I will be adding a sequel/chapter to this. Check the other person’s if you do want to see it though. Anyway, let’s get it on!

“*GASP*!!” Madison Paige sat upright with a start. She was a pale young woman in her late twenties, with a brunette pixie haircut and slim body. Her curves were a little small but also round and supple. The white tank top and panties she was currently adorning snugly hugged them. She looked around her apartment complex to make sure everything was alright. Despite the slightly artistic appeal, it did nothing to ease her nerves. She let out a sigh of both relief and disappointment. Thankfully, no unwelcome intruders were to be found, but this would be another sleepless night.

‘Goddamn insomnia, why can’t I get one peaceful night?’ she cursed in disappointment. Sighing again, she stood up from the couch she was (or at least was trying to) sleeping on and let out a yawn. Noticing the TV was still on, and playing nothing but static she snapped it off, not wanting to waste electricity or have the noise distract her. Already awake, she decided to at least find something worthwhile to occupy herself with some activity, anything to pass the boredom and hopefully fall asleep.

First Madison headed to the windows. If she was going to have this highrise with a beautiful view might as well make the most of it. When she stepped down the mini-stairs she felt her bladder pang a little, but it was minor she would take care of that need later. Instead she chose to lean against the window, watching the rain slightly pour down in a gentle cascade, enjoying the sound and beautiful view of the city. Crime ridden it may be, but not all hope was lost. It unfortunately wasn’t enough to lull her to sleep. Instead she decided to head for the microwave.

‘Tumeric Chai Latte might be enough to help me fall asleep.’ the young woman pondered. While she heated it up, Madison proceeded to go to the main table and read about the “Origami Killer” case that was all over the news. She was definitely invested considering it was a case she was currently trying to solve, or at least shed light on. ‘Crazy bastard.’ Madison internally cursed. ‘Murder is wrong no matter how you spin it, but children? And he or she leaves gifts as some form of repentance. That’s nowhere near enough but even so, why would they continue it if they feel so guilty about it? The criminal mind surely is one sick enigma.’

The young photojournalist proceeded to attempt to organize what she had on her laptop. Another kid had been killed, methodically drowned and left behind with an orchid placed on their chest and an origami figure in hand. Madison began to feel even more downtrodden. What was the motivation? Was there a specific goal or quota they were trying to achieve, maybe a scare tactic? Sending a message? Whatever the case was, more sons were dying and it didn’t appear to be stopping anytime soon.

‘Poor kid, the families must be devastated. This man or woman needs to be put behind bars, or in front of a firing squad.’ Madison thought bitterly. In the past she had been against violence (at least the kind involving death, she was no stranger to standard fights as evidenced by constantly bandaging her scratched and banged up brothers from certain scraps) but after reporting in the Iraq war and killing serial killer Leland “Taxidermist” White in self defense, she came to the conclusion that there would be no shortage of sickos in this world and killing was sometimes a necessary evil.

Suddenly, Madison got the feeling she was being watched and felt nervous pangs claw at her belly, which did no favors for her full bladder. However she still decided to hold it. Unknown to most of her friends and colleagues aside from her good friend and journal buddy Sam, holding in her urine was a pleasurable activity she frequently partaken in. She really didn’t understand it, but the long waiting period, dire need, and eventually release was an erotic feeling that she loved and wasn’t going to stop anytime soon. Still, that was the least of her worries.

Looking around and satisfied that there was still no-one to be found in the apartment complex, Madison proceeded to drink her hot cup of Tumeric Chai Latte. It provided some comfort and relaxation at first, but eventually all the hot liquid settled in her bladder and sped up the need to release her own hot liquid. Deciding it was time, she headed to the bathroom to take a piss and shower afterwards. First the young woman checked herself out in the mirror. Aside from the dark circles and dull eyes of unhappiness, she was still quite sexy and attractive. After popping some sleeping pills she headed to the toilet, pulled down her panties to reveal a faint landing strip of pubic hair, sat her shapely ass on the toilet seat, and proceeded to void her bladder.

A long stream trickled out of her genitals and into the toilet water, creating a loud splash that resonated in the room for around thirty seconds. Afterwards, Madison wiped herself clean of any remaining urine and stood up. Instead of pulling her panties back on she just set them on the floor and removed her tank top, revealing her toned abs and perky breasts with pink nipples. She stepped into the shower and turned it on. At first the hot water hailed down but soon became soothing, not enough to have her asleep quite yet but still relaxing. When she was done, she realized that she had neglected to grab new clothes. Having no other choice, she re-applied her tank top and panties. Once she stepped out however, the suspicious feeling returned.

‘Shit. Someone’s here.’ Maddison mentally shuddered. She looked around the room for anything that could provide help. ‘The phone is right on that desk! No, that would take too long. A 911 call is extremely lengthy, not to mention the time it would take for the police to actually arrive. The front door is the only way out. I’d rather not leave in my underwear but at this rate I’m lucky just to get out of here alive!’ she internally panicked. Having no other choice, she ducked down and started to crouch towards the door. Right when she reached it, hell broke loose.

The photojournalist felt something reach for her, one to yank her head backwards and a forearm pressed hard against her trachea to cut off her oxygen supply. Despite her attacker’s larger size and technique, Madison still managed to muster enough strength to kick her feet off an adjacent wall and slam him into another. She managed to break away and see that he was a home invader wearing a balaclava mask of sorts. However he made no move to grab any valuables, or question her. Instead he seemed purely interested in finishing her off. He staggered towards her menacingly, but since he was still dazed this allowed Madison to kick down a stepladder to further injure her pursuer. It somewhat worked, but he recovered and threw her against the kitchen.

He unsheathed a large, serrated combat knife but she managed to reach for a corn holder and stab him in the neck. Unfortunately the twin picks, while certainly painful, were far too short to cause instant death from a single puncture. She made a break for it when another home invader managed to interfere and throw her against the dining room table, shattering many dishes and glass. Thankfully Madison avoided any cuts but she considered herself far from lucky, due to now having to deal with two home invaders that somehow managed to invite themselves in despite their being no signs of breaking and entering.

The second home invader had his own combat knife and attempted to stab her multiple times, only for her to roll around multiple times, the knife impaling the hardwood over and over. She eventually retaliated with an elbow strike to the cranium when the previous masked stranger grabbed her head and continued to drag her across the table. Not wasting any time, Madison reeled a kick over her head and into his, then grabbed a chair and threw it with all her might, watching it crash into the other invader.

The photojournalist had managed to successfully stagger both attackers, and tried to run away only for a third invader to show up. The one she had kicked came up from behind her, effectively creating a trap. Having nowhere else to go, she continued to go forwards only for the third home invader to slam her into the window. Unfortunately for him, Madison was counting on that and leaned in to bite his ear. His balaclava was unfortunately providing enough protection to do any serious damage but the pain and surprise was enough to make him yelp and throw her off him.

She then grabbed a lamp-stand and swung it, managing to club both of her attackers. The weapon was sturdy and hefty enough to break their bones and possibly even kill them for good, however the exhaustion was catching up to the photojournalist and she had no choice but to drop it. The remaining home invader caught up and threw her on the bed. She kicked hard with both feet to knock him back, then proceeded to jump up and tackle him. However it wasn’t enough as he got right back up, backhanded her, then slammed her face into the coffee table for good measure. Seeing she was stunned, all three of her attackers unsheathed their knives.

‘Who the fuck are these people?!’ Madison internally screamed. They clearly didn’t care about her money or belongings, just blood. But why? Bitter ex boyfriends, hired assassins maybe? The knives looked similar to Leland’s, perhaps they were his buddies or cult members dedicated to avenging their friend. One thing was for sure, no way in hell was she going to make it easy. Grabbing broken glass, she impaled the home invader’s thigh, grabbed his giant knife, then proceeded to stab them all in the groin, effectively castrating and possibly killing them. Relieved, she ran into the bathroom. She was shaking with adrenaline and fear, not noticing there was a fourth home invader who had been hiding in the restroom all along. Without warning he slid his knife to her throat and was about to slash it when Madison felt a warm gush empty out of her genitals, into her panties, cascaded down her legs, and onto the floor.

The young woman suddenly woke, almost mirroring the one in her dream. As she stirred, however, she realized there had been a huge difference that let her know she was truly awake this time. She had pissed herself in her sleep, twice in fact. First when she had used the toilet in her sleep, and right before she woke up. Her legs, panties, hell even her tank top, were all soaked in urine. Madison groaned in discomfort and embarrassment. Now she had no choice but to shower. First order of business, she made sure to peel off her wet clothes, then threw them and the couch cushion in the laundry. Secondly she hopped into the shower, this time for real.

As she stood under the water, a face appeared to her. He had slightly shaggy hair and stubble, and sad eyes. Madison didn’t understand why, but she felt very attracted to this man. Almost on instinct her right hand shot to her genitals. The photojournalist was surprised at this, then figured she might as well. Grabbing the shower-head she aimed it at her clit, feeling it harden in arousal. She then proceeded to grasp her left breast and play with her nipple, feeling it peak. Her fantasies ran wild with the mystery man as they had sex in many different positions and she came hard.

Suddenly feeling woozy the photojournalist sank to the floor with weak knees, panting hard in ecstasy. After drying herself she immediately headed to her mattress and lay down, still naked and not bothering with getting dressed. She was ready to pass out, a feeling she welcomed and would not wait for, clothes be damned. Madison Paige still wondered just where she had seen her fantasy man, his face was so clear so he was certainly real. Little did she know they would meet very soon.

End Note: So yeah, hope you all enjoyed it. I’ll admit the masturbation was kind of weak but I’m still learning so I apologize. Anyway I’ll try and finish the Resident Evil saga soon and move on to other ladies within the gaming universe. Candidates include Kitana, Jade, Tifa Lockhart, Aerith Gainsborough, Panam Palmer, Judy Alvarez, and possibly more. Take care.

*001*2021-08-04 16:46

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/35832-madisons-nightmare-a-heavy-rain-story/?do=embed"

Here's the other Madison story, sorry I forgot to put the link.

*004*2021-08-09 15:43

{{8 minutes ago, Unbeknownst said:

Is there an interactive part to this story or did it somehow end up in the wrong section?

}}

I'm so sorry, I'm new to this site so I must have made it interactive by mistake. I'm trying to edit it but right now I don't think I can.

*006*2021-08-11 20:55

{{18 hours ago, Kyuu said:

Its been moved to the correct forum now!

}}

Thank you so much!

