Highborns Piss Too

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2024-12-18 11:20

Hiya all on this lovely website I haven't been to in wayyy too long! (missed ya)

I recently decided to read the entire book series, A Song of Ice and Fire (brilliant books btw) and found myself making up characters and omorashi situations for said characters so this is where i'm putting them! This is different to anything i've done on this website as i normally only post about my own experiences being a piss degenerate XD so please dont judge too harsh thank youuuuu ❤️ I will keep addint to this as I have alot of ideas.

PS: this is not based in Westeros but something similar only for the soul reason of not having to be lore accurate as that would take some of the fun out of it. (and there will be no characters from the books or show sorryyy i just dont want to bastardise the sacred texts lol)

I will be posting my first one today... Hope you all enjoy!

*001*2024-12-18 14:01

STORY 1: The future princess.

'This is not how I imagined my first walk around this castle' I think as I search desperately. I hear some guards and duck behind a statue as they pass, the future princess cannot be seen in this state. How did this happen??

We arrived just this morning after a 4 day long trip, our entire host welcomed in with a feast and revelries unmatched anywhere in the kingdom. My fathers daughter - A powerful and righteous man with the south in his palm - would make a perfect choice for the young prince. We had been welcomed with open arms and every courtesy into the grandest castle in the world, the one place I couldn't wait to go since I was told I would be princess. 'They were right, It must be 4 times bigger than my father castle' I had thought as we entered. But I was quickly distracted by the prince... A handsome young man if i had ever seen one.

"You have to be Princess Miriam" He had started "I was told the princess to be shone with a grace unmatched anywhere. I thought they lied but no, you are prettier than I could've ever dreamed"

I blushed and returned the compliment. I had been told in my life that I had a natural beauty, but when he spoke it was as if I was hearing it for the first time. He offered me some wine. I should've said no. But how could I?! I took it gratefully and supped with my future husband. But after the revelries and feast we were informed we could make our selves comfortable and get our bearings in the castle. My father went off with the Widow Queen to arrange the marriage, The prince to court for the smallfolk. I went to wander, and wonder I did... until I was lost. That must've been nigh an hour ago. I think as shuffle past the same statue for the fourth time. All that wine has gone right through me.

At first I wasn't worried, I am now a woman grown. Grown women have control of their bodies. I am no stranger to being in need of a privy, All the ceremonies and traditions that require a highborn ladies to sit still for hours is a test in youth. I can still remember the time I watered the grass at my fathers second wedding. But I was young then and I am older now. I cannot wet the stone of this castle without bringing immense shame on myself and my house. I continue on.

The feeling is different this time though, the wine has made my body react differently to the urgency. I put my hand in between my legs through all my skirt ruffles, undergarments and small clothes to ease the tension and waddle forward. As I walk I can feel the wine in my bladder, my head still spinning. How have I walked for this long without finding a privy?! I hear more guards coming my way and backtrack to the statue i've seen over and over to hide. I would ask them where to go but at this point I can't stand straight without holding between my thighs and the embarrassment of that spectacle would be too much, I am the future princess after all.

"Did you see the size of the host they bought with them. Maybe they bought some southern women." One guard speaks up.

"Did you see the princess?" The other responds "I envy that prince something fierce, I can't tell if i prefer her face or teats"

"Shut it, If anyone hears that talk.." The first interjects looking around wary.

The men stop to stand guard in front of the statue and continue their conversation. Fuck I think. I'm crouched down behind the statue lodged between stone and marble with my womanhood flittering with tension underneath hands. Somehow hiding has made the need that much worse. Look at the future queen of the kingdom, about to piss herself I can't help but think. The need gets worse and worse over the span of 20 minutes as the guards stand and talk. I cant help but feel tears forming in my eyes as they go on and on. My muscles are contracted to their breaking point and I can only breath in short, sharp, and quiet breaths.

I can feel myself getting closer and closer to shame. Please not yet.. please don't wet yourself.. Please just keep holding it. I feel myself shaking with tension as my muscles flutter again bringing the wine a second away from making a reappearance into my ruffles. As if by an act of god the guards leave and after a few seconds I creep out stiffly from behind the statue bent over. I can't stand up straight. I feel as if I will make water in my undergarments with every step but I continue shuffling along.

I needs must find a private place to relieve myself quickly I pause to consider. But how on earth would I get all these layers of clothing away without being seen, If I start and someone comes along there would be no recovery time. Gods be good, why do highborn women have to wear so many clothes? Damn this puffy frilly shit.

I shuffle some more and come to a heavy set door. I open it to peak in and check for relief but I find myself face to face with a group of men dicing. My hand shoots to my side so they do not see my plight. I can barely keep myself from dancing around without my hand. My legs clamp together under my skirts.

"Aren't you the princess" says an old fellow with less teeth than fingers. "To what do we owe this pleasure"

"I'm just getting my bearings ser" I squeak with strained courtesy. I feel my maidenhood quiver again bringing me to the edge of an accident. They must see pain on my face because a younger gentleman speaks up.

"Is there anywhere we can point you in the direction on my-lady?" He says attentively.

It's this or make a mess of myself, needing a privy isn't so bad.. turning my beautiful dress into one is worse. "Is there.. a privy nearby sers?" I manage as I feel my face grow hot and my muscles flutter again. Oh god no. I feel a tiny leak make itself known to my smallclothes.

"Of course, just to the right and up the stairs you should find yourself facing some" The younger replies "Would you like an escort?"

"No" I say too quickly "Thank you sers, good day to you" I say as i fling the door shut and stumble as fast as i can to the stairs. I find them and start the climb around and around. I urge my legs to carry me faster but the exertion puts too much pressure on my worn out bladder and I water my undergarments just a little bit more. I freeze. Every muscle tensed as I hold myself through my layers of skirting. It wasn't that much, it's still not over. It was only for a split second.

I force myself to continue upwards, both hands tight between my legs. I waddle a couple more steps when I feel myself about to go again. I stop and hold my breath as my flower flutters for a couple seconds. I press my damp smallclothes tight against myself and feel the warm wet on my maidenhood. I didn't let any go that time! It was like this on my father second wedding: Wave after wave of urgency each getting worse until... until I couldn't control it and it flowed down my legs.. Not this time. No this time I will not embarrass myself.

I Push forward with a newfound vigour and make it to the top of the steps without any further spill. I see relief only a door away. I reach for it and..

"Miriam! I've been looking for you, come i have much to show you" The prince comes striding down the hall. "Did you enjoy your wonder?"

I stand like a statue not knowing what to do. My whole body is tense, my nails dig into my palms and my legs are glued together. Fuck. What manner of luck I have. what do I do now.

The prince doesn't care that his question goes unanswered and instead looks into my eyes. "Gods be good. I don't see you for a couple hours and I somehow forgot just how beautiful you are" He strokes my cheek gently as I water my clothes again. That time it was more. I feel a drop travel down my right thigh. My future husband is gazing into my eyes lovingly and i'm just standing here like a child wetting myself.

"My dear, you have tears in your eyes.. what on earth is the matter?" He asks dearly, this time he is awaiting a response.

What do I tell him? Will he see me as weak? I have to get into that privy now or else I may as well piss on our marriage. I start to speak but it comes out as a fumble. "I.. I... It's just... erm" Is all i can manage before an urge like no other takes hold. I try my best not to double over or grab myself and end up slightly bowing and moan in pain. Despite all my efforts, a very slight stream starts to find its way into my clothes; its only a small amount but enough to finish the soaking of my undergarments. I cant hold it, I can't stop it from coming out. I stand there slightly hunched over, red in the face trying to make words. A few droplets of shame start to run down my face and legs as the future king looks me up and down. I'm so fucking embarrassed I can't move or talk.

Suddenly his face changes and he looks from me to the door on my right. "Oh dearest, I fear I may have caught you at a bad time?" He questions pointing to the privy. "Say nothing and make hence then" He pipes and opens the door for me apologising for not seeing it sooner. I shuffle past him grateful beyond grateful that he isn't ashamed of me and try my best to staunch the flow but its fruitless. As the door closes behind me I start to rip my clothes off. I start with my dress by bringing the skirt up above my head. My small clothes are wet already but my gown is dry... mostly.

In my rush to take it off however, it gets caught around my torso and I struggle to get free of the amount of skirting around my head. Why? why do I have to get stuck in my clothes now of all times?? My poor flower is trying her best but the stream is growing and soon It clings to my legs as it finds its way past my smallclothes and onto the stone flooring. I manage to fling the dress away and focus on getting the rest of my lower clothes off. I generously water the floor before getting seated and finally after all this time, relieve myself. As I do, I take in the scene.. My dress flung to the side, a trail of drops leading into a puddle on the stone floor in front of me, my stockings soaked and desperately clutching my legs, A battlescene. I can't help but cry.

I take off my stockings and shoes and collate them with my other wet clothes. What a mess. What princess pisses all over herself in front of her prince. I cry some more as I put my gown back on by itself and get to cleaning. As I'm cleaning up there is a knock on the door, the prince walks in with fresh small clothes. "How did you know I didn't make it?" I ask ashamedly. All he does is look to where I was standing outside the privy and I see. A trail of droplets marking my failure leading right to me. He hands the clothes to me, winks, and waits outside. What a great first day for the princess to be, maybe they will call me the Princess who pees.

Thank you for reading my first story in the series 'Highborns Piss Too' I plan to do many more and not just 'didnt make it stories'... women and men of all ranges - Kings to saltwives. If you have any ideas as well that you would like to see please ask and i will try my best 🙂 Next up is a hedgeknight at a tourney...

