The choosing day

Author: Omopees

*000*2019-11-23 18:39

Hey y’all there isn’t any actual omo in this part. but I wanted to set up the story first before I got to hot and heavy with it. Anyway, I hope you enjoy.

I

Marda stretched, all the tendons and ligaments in her back arching in pleasures. Even though today was the day that every maiden her age, was supposed to dream of; Marda was determined to make this day be as normal as possible. A plan that seemed instantly foiled as she walked down stairs of her Medium size farmhouse, and saw her sisters, all already up, busily doing their chores. She usually got up an hour or two before anyone was up but their they where making breakfast, cleaning the various chicken, pig, or house stalls and generally doing the things in around that didn’t do till the middle of the day and with great protest. She moaned, with all of them being up before her that meant she had drawn the Metaphorical short stick, cleaning the stables. A chore she hated with her fiber of her 19 year old body. As she stood there contemplating the chore to come, her mother bustled down the stairs “good morning dear, today’s the big day isn’t it” her mother

Said without a trace of irony or sarcasm despite the fact that Marda been more or less philosophical opposed to this ancient tradition. Sense the past year ever sense she realized she’d be one of those who’d be chosen form. Her mother looked her over” why don’t you skip your chores for today and go up and get ready, today is once in a life time opportunity so you might as well look Your best”

“but mom..... “ Marda just because of your “moral objections” doesn’t mean that the chance you’ll be chosen by the prince of Foutan isn’t well worth me forcing you.” the grit in her voice subsided as soon as it appeared and she sweetly said “ come on what are the chances anyway, just do it , if you don’t you’ll kick your self later.

As Marda went up stair she felt a pleasant and familiar twinge in her bladder. she opened her bathroom door. Running water was one of the few extravagant things in her house and that was only because her father had gone to school with an artificer

Who was capable of doing it. She looked at her self in the Mirror, she was of average hight a round but still pleasant face, brown hair and her “assistant” where slightly larger then normal no matter what shirt she wore she always seemed to show off cleavage. She stepped into the shower water cascading over her body she closed her eyes and prepared herself for what was sure to be a long day.

