Seeker of warmth

Author: Omoras-He

*000*2023-06-10 21:37

So this is my first omorashi story, so quality is not assured. I think this is pretty ok for my first time, so I hope you enjoy.

Hello, my name is Aaron, and I'm a senior in highschool and looking at a glance you would describe me as a well behaved person. I currently have all As and perfect attendance, I haven't gotten detention once and I typically mind my own business when trouble starts brewing. At home my parents praise my maturity and even trust me to do important errands in their stead. But this story isn't about good behavior, it's about my quest to find the warmest feeling in this icy winter, and it starts with a series of unfortunate events.

My parent's anniversary is around the corner, so they've left me home alone for the week. Of course this isn't a problem for me, as I know how to take care of myself. As I wake up, I feel the cold air on my face in great contrast to the warmth of my bed. Reluctantly I step into the cold winter air, put on my glasses, and begin to get ready. After I eat breakfast and brush my teeth, I look at myself in the mirror before choosing my outfit. Before me stands a figure about 5'10 in height, with a mixed skin tone, a bulky but not overweight kind of build, and an afro, also known as me. I pick out a light grey hoodie and dark blue sweatpants. Now that I'm dressed, I grab my coat, my backpack, and my water bottle.

I make it to school on time and the day is uneventful, doing homework, taking notes, and drinking from my water bottle. I end up refilling it a couple times throughout the day and by my last hour, I can practically feel my bladder fill in real time. During the last few minutes of class one of my friends comes up to me.

"Hey man I borrow your coat"

"What?"

So it turns out he forgot that he agreed with his parents to walk home and now he's unprepared for the weather.

"C'mon man your wearing a hoodie."

"I wouldn't have brought this if I didn't think I needed it."

"I'm wearing shorts man! I'm going to get frostbite!"

"You won't get frostbite."

"... please."

"... fine."

I hand him my coat and at the same time, the bell rings and we're dismissed. Before I walk out into the cold, I look for a bathroom to aliviate my filling bladder, but then I remember something. To try and combat the increasing vaping problem, the staff started to lock the bathroom doors after school ends, the policy started today. So I make my way to the entrance and mentally prepare myself for the gauntlet I was about to enter. After some deep breaths, I go.

@@As I exit the building I can already feel the cold starting to seep away at the warmth in my clothes, so I walk as fast as I dare, not running, the wind in my face is the last thing I want now. But as if the wind itself has read my mind, a strong gust had come and stolen the warmth I had tried so hard to conserve, I begin to shiver immediately. Then as if to make matters worse, I feel a warm feeling building in my stomach. My bladder is quickly filling with warm urine, but I can't give in to that kind of urge. Not only is my pride at stake, if I wet outside in this temperature I could actually start to freeze. So chilled to the bone and increasingly desperate I begin to sprint. My house is just beyond this next cross walk and as I approach it turns red. As I wait at the corner I can't keep myself from dancing, not just from the cold but from my very insistent bladder. The light finally goes off and I break back into my sprinting pace, now with a hand in my crotch. As I reach the door, shivering and trembling, I fumble with the keys trying to unlock the door while simultaneously holding back my flood without the aid of my hands. As the door opens, it's almost as if a force came over me and I can only think of one thing, warmth. Although logic dictates that emptying my bladder is much more pressing, I make my way to my room. As I pass the bathroom in the hallway I open the door to my room and crawl into bed, cuddled up in my warm sheets. As I curl up, snuggling my plush sheets, my swolen bladder just couldn't hold any more, and I soak my bed while still dressed in my hoodie and sweatpants. Such relief, as I let it all go, the warm wet bliss permeates my cold skin, compounding with the plush embrace of my blankets. It is warm, so warm~. And now, I begin to drift off, lying in a puddle of my fresh warm pee.

*001*2023-06-10 23:04

I don't know how often I'll update this series, but I do have plans for future installments.

*002*2023-06-14 04:44

Here's the next installment, hope you enjoy

@@As I wake up I feel the cold air on my face, but also... something else. I bolt upright immediately and scrambled out of bed is it true? But I don't even have to look at my bed to know what happened, I remember, as is signified by the wet hoodie clinging to my back. It's about 5:00 pm now, seems I was really comfortable, which is embarrassing considering what I had done. I wet myself... deliberately... at 18 years old! I get to work immediately taking the sheets off my bed and reading the washing machine. As that's going I begin to scrub my bed. As I begin to calm down I realize that I'm still in my wet clothes, still vaguely warm. Then I remember the feeling of releasing not just an empty bladder, but a wave of warmth as it rolled up and down my body, lulling me to sleep. I begin to feel something, warmth? No. Happiness? No. Arousal? Yes. This experience seemed to have awakened something in me, and now my situation seemed less dire, and my loneliness a growing boon. At that moment I realized that my bladder had filled up again, still overactive from the water I drank from school. I decide to postpone my bathroom break and stay in my wet clothes, as I finish scrubbing my mattress I start my homework.

@@I start knocking it out pretty fast, there isn't a lot today, but then I get to the math. According to the answer key I got this one problem wrong and for the life of me I cannot figure this out. After recalculating the problem multiple times my frustration grows and my earlier mood is ruined. A dirty thought occurs to me, why not pee right now? My bladder is almost completely full again and it is probably contributing to my bad mood, so I stop holding it, and again the sensations follow. The relief of an emptying bladder washes away my frustration and my pants are warm again, and pleasantly wet as my pee splatters onto the carpet. Refreshed I look at the problem again to find...! The page had a printing error. I feel a little silly after that but I recover quickly as the warmth convinces me to stay happy. I finish the last problem and now I scrub the carpet. Now that my bladder is back to acting normally I decide to change out of my wet clothes, but before that I glance at the mirror. The sight is a bit exciting, seeing the wet marks not just all over my pants but on the back of my hoodie allures me and I stand there for quite a bit before taking off my pants. Now I see my light blue underwear, stained dark blue by the fresh urine sticking to my butt and crotch and I find this in combination with the hoodie somehow more transfixing. Before I do anything too lustful I fully unclothe and head into the bathroom to shower. This could be the beginning to something magical.

*003*2023-06-25 11:12

This is the next installment, I know that the last part wasn't like the first, but this one is going to be more in line with the first. As usual, I hope you enjoy.

The imagery comes so clear:

A balloon-like organ sits snugly in my crotch. It begins to swell as it is filled with a glorious golden liquid. The chill begins to set in, threatening to freeze my very soul. My bladder fills, becoming a pit of warmth in my lower abdomen. It fills, and fills, as a pressure begins to build, but every container has its limit. As I try and try to keep the taboo inside, it begins to leak out despite. First, a dibble, and then, a trickle, and then... all at once. The forbidden warmth begins to flow without stop, cascading like a waterfall off a drop. The biting cold begins to flee, as my blissful wee comes to be. The plush comfort of my baggy pants, becomes transformed into a mushy blanket, filled with wet warmth.

The bell rings

@@Another daydream, the third one today. I suppose I couldn't blame myself, considering what happened the day before. Something had awakened that day, and it wanted, so desperately, to stretch its legs. I'd never really had experience with being this aroused, especially for this long, I was unsure how to handle myself. Despite that, I followed my school routine, but I played a little more dangerously. I drank way more water that day, and purpose fully put off the bathroom. I didn't want anything to happen at school of course, so I scouted open bathrooms incase of an emergency. Although it wasn't quite the same, getting desperate and letting it all go had its own charm as opposed to a full accident. As the school day ended I headed outside, I could feel the cold start to creep in as I stood outside the doors. I was prepared for the weather today, but not so prepared that I wouldn't get cold, because that was part of the fun. I make my way home, my overactive bladder a pleasant reminder of my plans for the evening. I unlock the door and step inside. I stomp the snow off my boots before taking them off as well as my coat, which had the lining removed. As I shuffled around taking off my snow gear, the contents of my bladder got a pleasant jostle. It surprises me how well I took to this... obsession of mine, I had just awakened the day before and now I was relishing in the desperation of my need. I stand there for a bit, contemplating what to do next, then I head for my games. I wasn't desperate enough to execute my plan, so I decided to pass the time.

@@Now, plan might be too stong a word, I simply planned to have an accident outside, in my backyard of course. I continue to drink as I complete various quests in my current game. Eventually, my bladder is ready, and I begin to move. Getting up was a bit of a struggle, I had to untangle my legs from the sitting potty dance I ended up falling into during my session. Once I had my legs properly positioned I began to rise. My bladder began to shift and threatened to release right then and there, but I had plans to follow. As I made it to my feet my bladder camr more under control. Now that I was standing, I could move easier, but not by much. My bladder continued to slosh back and forth, demanding it be let go as I walked to the back door. Each step brought me a step closer to a flood, with droplets beginning to worm their way out. I finally make it outside and walk along the snow as it crunches against my feet and socks. I wait a moment, I wanted the cold to make me burst, to lose control and drive away the pain with the bliss of taboo. A wind suddenly blows over me, and I cannot help myself. The shock causes me to jump, and as I land my bladder gives. Immediately I feel the warmth streaming down my legs as a building sense of relief begins to overwhelm me. This time, I can see the wetness spread over me, as my pants change to a naughtier shade of gray. The stream reaches my feet and my long socks soak up the approaching warmth as it spreads and melts the snow around me. It takes everything not to moan loudly as I finish off relieving myself. With a contented half moan half sigh, I look at the damage of my pants. The wet stain is steaming as it begins to condensate the air around it, and the puddle that was forming begins to melt away, turning the snow a pleasantly light yellow. I head inside before things start to freeze, and can't help myself from what happens next. Now I would not like to describe what specifically I did after that, but I think you can figure it out with that imagination of yours. When I finish I just lay there, processing what just happened.

After zoning out for a good 15 minutes, I snap out of my trance and try to begin functioning again. As I stand I realize that I have to pee again, the water from earlier still doing its job. Not wanting to make too much of a mess inside the house I head to the bathroom. As I open the door and prepare to do my business, I notice that my pants are quite hard to take off, and quite cold too. A lazy thought occurs to me, and I just sit in the toilet, pants and all. As I get comfy, feeling the wetness of my pants, I release yet again. The warmth retraces the area around my butt and begins to trickle down into the toilet. Again, my bladder is relieved of its burden and I am rewarded for it, feeling the tandem warmth and wetness caress my bottom. I get up, wash my hands, and move to change. The end of another great experience.

