Kacchako Date Night

Author: omofan5

*000*2021-04-14 21:32

Hi everyone! I'm here with chapter one of a Kacchako story, chapter 2 incoming sometime soon! (All characters aged up of course)

Chapter One

The event ran through her mind constantly, it was a month ago by now but she kept thinking about it. She got the idea from Mina to spice up her and Katsuki’s sex life by watching porn during foreplay to get “in the mood” better.. When she told Katsuki about this idea he told his girlfriend she should stop getting sex advice from Mina, but he was open to the idea. When Ochaco proposed that they watch whatever porn he wants to on his computer, he was less open to the idea.

“Why not?” Ochaco protested.

“Because… the stuff I watch...It’s just weird okay.” Katsuki flustered, Ochaco knew her boyfriend wasn’t one to fluster usually so she knew he was hiding something.

“Katsuki, whenever I asked you if you had any fetishes you told me you didn’t!” Ochaco scolded him, she was one of the few people he would allow to do that. “Besides, whatever you’re into, I’m sure it’s not that weird. I’ll be open minded.”

So begrudgingly, Katsuki opened his laptop and began typing in his favorite porn website all while glowing red. Ochaco stared over his shoulder, and when the site popped up she read the video titles. Admittedly, it was weird. At first she didn’t understand, all of the women in the videos seemed clothed but they all had exasperated looks on their faces, then she read the titles of the videos. They all seemed to include the words ''desperate”, “bursting” and “piss”.

“Katsuki…” Ochaco looked over and her boyfriend averted his eyes.

“Let’s just-“ Katsuki began to close the laptop before Ochaco reached for his hand.

“Put one of these on.” She ordered. He looked shocked before nodding and clicking on one of the videos, the red bar on the bottom showed it was one he had already seen before.

Ochaco watched the video intently, it was a girl that sort of resembled her actually, standing outside of a bathroom door that was apparently locked. The girls hands were firmly placed between her thick thighs, and she had on a shirt and a pair of light blue panties. Ochaco also watched Katsuki intently. The bulge in his pants growing, the still present redness on his face. He wasn’t watching Ochaco, too ashamed the anti-gravity hero reckoned. Instead he was transfixed on the video, and Ochaco recognized the lustful look in his eyes all too well.

The girl in the video began banging on the door when Ochaco moved her hand to rub Katsuki through his thin gray sweatpants. Ochaco heard his voice hitch when she touched him, and he put his hands on hers while she palmed his erection.

“I like it so far.” She whispered in his ear. She wasn’t lying, she didn’t quite find it as sexy as Katsuki clearly did. But she saw the appeal, an attractive woman bouncing around, desperate and begging for release and being denied. And then Ochaco heard Katsuki grunt and felt his cock twitch, she looked at the screen and saw why. The actress stopped bouncing and went silent, then Ochaco saw the dark wet patch begin to form on the back of her panties. Then the streaks of piss running down her pale legs and pooling on the floor under her.

It was Ochaco’s turn to be entranced by the video. And how nice those soaking wet panties made the actresses ass look. That was until she was knocked out of her trance by her boyfriend's grunt, followed by a warm wet feeling on her hand. Ochaco looked over at her beet red boyfriend covering his eyes, with a shiny dark wet stain on the front of his gray sweatpants.

Katsuki didn’t want to talk about that incident ever since it happened. Ochaco knew he was embarrassed, but he didn’t need to be! Ochaco thought the whole thing was very hot, and actually did research of her own and watched some more videos since. But everytime she tried to approach Katsuki about it he said he didn’t want to talk about it. Ochaco knew how much he liked this kink, and she had a plan to give her boyfriend an experience he’ll always remember.

One Friday night a month Katsuki and Ochaco would go to a local theater and see a movie. It was a small theater, and the two heroes were rarely recognized. Ochaco had been drinking water and avoiding the toilet all day, she normally had a very large bladder so she knew that to get where she wanted to be it would take some time. As for her outfit she decided that wearing a dress would probably be safest for her plans, luckily for her she picked up a cute pink sundress recently. And a pair of blue panties, matching the ones of the actress in the video.

When she and Katsuki left, she was at around a “7” on the desperation scale, or at least according to the guides she read online. But again, she knew she had a big bladder so she knew that when she got there she was going to get a drink too.

“Hey cheeks.” Katsuki startled Ochaco, when she looked over he was peering at her while driving. “You’re quiet, what’s the matter?”

“Nothing!” Ochaco said. “Just thinking about work, ya know!”

It looked like Katsuki would accept this for now, but she didn’t know. Could he tell what she had planned? She wanted to surprise him since she didn’t know how he’d react. But if he knows that might ruin the whole plan. If he did, he didn’t say anything for the rest of the ride to the theater. And he didn’t say anything when Ochaco ordered a large sweet tea. Or when Ochaco sipped regularly through the previews despite noticeably squirming.

As the lights dimmed Ochaco realized that the two of them were some of the only people in the theater, they sat in the back while everyone else was sitting closer to the front. She sipped on her tea again until she felt a pang from her bladder. It was telling her it needed to go, now. Her hand immediately shot between her already clenched thighs. This, Katsuki noticed. But Ochaco just began smoothing her skirt. She wanted Katsuki to ask first, she wanted him to wonder if she was desperate, and how desperate she was.

But Ochaco was really desperate, her bladder wasn’t used to being pushed to these limits and the pressure she was feeling was growing exponentially. Now her hand was between her legs, and her knees shook regularly. Katsuki still said nothing, but she knew he could tell. Ochaco didn’t know why he wasn’t asking! Her bladder couldn’t take much longer. To take her mind off her need, she tried to watch the movie. It was some action movie Katsuki wanted to see that featured a bunch of guns and explosions. Explosions, Ochaco found out, that are very loud and sudden. The sudden noise and accompanying rumbling caused Ochaco’s bladder to let off quick spurts, Ochaco fought for control as all the contents threatened to spill out. She couldn’t take it anymore, she knew she didn’t have much longer.

“Katsuki.” She whispered in her boyfriend's ear. “I really need to pee, bad.”

Katsuki’s face went red just as fast as he spun his head around to look at his girlfriend. And the sight made Katsuki grip his arm rest. Ochaco, trembling, dress bunched up between her legs as she held frantically trying not to flood her seat.

“I leaked.” Ochaco told him, then lifted up her dress to show him the wet stain on the front of her panties. This caused the armrest Katsuki was holding on to to be on the receiving end of a small explosion caused by his quirk. It was so small that to the other theatergoers it just sounded like the movie, but it made Katsuki curse and Ochaco yelp as more piss leaked into her panties. Katsuki saw this and became entranced again, but Ochaco needed her boyfriend to take action.

“What are we going to do?” She asked him, putting her dress back down, and putting her hand back between her legs.

“I…..” Katsuki was still stunned by the situation. “Do you want to leave?”

Ochaco was on board with that idea. She tenderly got up, she didn’t leave any marks on the seat or any on her dress luckily. But she would leave a massive puddle on the floor if they didn’t leave soon. Making her way down the stairs was difficult, and then walking through the lobby was just as hard. Luckily there weren’t many people around because the movies were on, but she still felt humiliated waddling through even though nobody could tell. Katsuki walked beside her. Holding the door for her as they exited the theater. Once outside Katsuki started talking again.

“On a scale of one to ten, how bad do you need to go?” Katsuki asked her.

“A nine.” Ochaco answered honestly.

“What were you thinking?!?” Katsuki asked angrily. “Why would you wait so long to say anything?”

“I thought you would say something first!” Ochaco told him. “But you didn’t notice!”

“I did notice!” Katsuki said. “But I didn’t want to seem creepy! It was so hot!”

“Well can you make sure nobody notices me pee behind this bush because IreallyneedtopeeKatsuki!” Ochaco pleaded.

“No. You’re not peeing until we get home.” Katsuki told her.

“What!” Ochaco exclaimed. “I can’t hold it that long! I’ll piss in the car!”

“No, you’ll hold it in the car. You did this, remember?” Katsuki said. Ochaco couldn’t believe what her boyfriend was saying, he knew how desperate she was! But also, she couldn’t believe how much it turned her on to be denied like that. She looked at the bushes, relief was that close. But she got in the passenger seat next to Katsuki.

All the way home Ochaco begged Katsuki to pull over, to hand her a cup or a towel, to do something. But Katsuki denied every request.

“And you better not piss in my car either.” Katsuki told her.

“If I do it’s your fault! You should’ve let me pee!” Ochaco felt ridiculous trying to argue with both her hands jammed between her crotch trying not to wet herself. But the leaks started up again, and Katsuki had no idea how close she was now to completely soaking her panties.

“It’s my fault you decided to hold your piss all day? Just to get my attention? Isn’t this what you wanted anyways?” Katsuki replied. This quieted Ochaco, well at least her arguments. She continued to whimper and whisper under her breath about how she was going to piss herself up until Katsuki pulled the car up to the house.

Ochaco was able to get halfway out the car door when the first long spurt ran from the back of her dress. Katsuki had a front row seat as more spurts made their way out of her dress and down her legs. They both got out of the car, Ochaco shuffled her feet, more leaks came out but you could tell she still had so much more in her. A pang hit her so hard that she fell down to one knee, and then both. Now kneeling in front of their apartment building, Ochaco’s bladder completely gave out. A loud hiss could be heard as the strong stream made its way out through her panties to the asphalt below. Ochaco switched to a squatting position and tried to hold her slightly wet dress out the way as now Katsuki had a full look at the stream emerging from the front of his girlfriends panties, flowing down and soaking the back, and making a large puddle on the ground around her.

Ochaco’s expression was one of relief. Eyes closed, mouth open, head pointed up to the sky. And the tingling sensation of the warmth and the wetness made it that much more satisfying. For Katsuki it was like something out of his videos, except more beautiful and right in front of him. He knelt down and put his hand to the front of his girlfriends glistening panties. Rubbing the warm, soft wetness, and eliciting moans from Ochaco. Remembering where he was, he stopped. His girlfriend looked up at him, with wide eyes and soaking wet panties.

