Short Story - Test of Limits

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2022-02-23 09:48

My 3rd writing, and a sequel to my 2nd writing linked here

. This time around, Mali has had her fill of Omo experiences and decides to test how far she can truly push her bladder...

By the way, I want to credit who and where I got inspiration for this piece from, a Pixiv artist I recommend greatly - more on that in the afternotes! v v v

Enjoy!

___

Mali [F] - 19 y/o, kinky, curious, and always finds herself in a pickle when she least expects it.

Yuta [M] - 20 y/o, is off doing his own thing this time around.

###

Prologue (recap): Mali's awakening began with her boyfriend, Yuta, playing a game of restraint with it resulting in Mali soiling herself right in front of her own toilet, to her surprise, she liked. The next incident occurred when Mali had to hydrate on a hot summer day at work. This worked to her disadvantage, and she came home stumbling only to find Yuta taking a long, carefree shower. With the last of her resources, Mali resolved to using a vase, but out of clumsiness drops it, breaking it, and relieving herself all over her kitchen floor. We now find Mali a few weeks after the last incident collecting her thoughts on where to take her wet kinks next.

###

Ever since her after-work fiasco a few weeks back, Mali has been more cautious about how she manages her work days. More bathroom breaks than none, checking traffic levels online beforehand, making sure no imbecile Yuta hogs the bathroom when she arrives home; the usual. More than this though, she couldn't help but also remember the feelings she went through, surprise, suspense, shock, anger, and so on. But above all, she felt a desire. A desire to feel that excitement again, a desire to fulfil an unusual libido, and a desire to embrace the enormous relief of her bladder once more. Lucky for her, she found herself a very carefree day ahead of her, a day without any company to intrude, no work, no disruptions.

9:21 AM: I want to do something, but what? she pondered. And then it hit her, she won't do anything, intentionally. I have the whole day to relax right? So that's what I'll do. I'll relax, lower my defenses, and see just how long I can go! She makes her preparation: comfy clothes, snacks, bottles of waters and teas, means of entertainment, anything she could possibly need to spend a day alone, the pace of which is set by her own curious desires.

10:03 AM: Mali starts off browsing her socials and feeling out the day ahead of her. She scrolls through seas of the day's viral posts, online comedians, discussions and threads, anything and everything. Alongside her socials, it was very easy for her to get lost in conversation with her friends in group chats. "What'd you think of the album ### just dropped?", "How's Yuta?", "Do you guys wanna play a few matches of *** later?"; all were questions they and she would throw around, going off on tangents from all of them for what seemed like hours. In fact, she did go on for quite some time, and before she knew it, she was nearly 2 hours in, and already nearing the end of her first bottle of water.

11:54 AM: Mali stretches out, and gets in a few minutes of daily exercises to get herself energized. While doing these, she felt a faint, but existent amount of liquid accumulating in her tank, not nearly enough to be a worry, but just enough where if she wanted to go, she definitely could. Working up a light sweat, and not making her hair today, she decides to freshen up with a shower. She cleans, washes her hair and dries up, doing her best to not mind the toilet taking up space in her bathroom. She tosses her towel onto a towel hook behind her door, and shuts it behind her, going to get changed.

However, Mali did fail to notice that she slipped the towel on there a bit too carelessly, leaving the towel barely hanging onto the door. She thinks to herself, Wait, no one's going to come by today, nobody's going to care what I wear. Nor is anybody going to care how MUCH I wear. Genius! It was still warm out this time of year, and she had no reason to dress up for warmth. She takes one large-for-her-size T-shirt from her dresser, fits it on over herself and calls it an outfit. No need for a bra, pants, or panties. Only comfort. And of course a shrinking bladder capacity. 1 water bottle has been downed along with half of a bottle of iced tea.

1:08 PM: Mali fetches a playlist of hers on her phone, grabs some manga and lies on her bed, reading away at some of her untouched volumes. She finds herself fond of romcoms, lighthearted and heavyhearted alike, along with the occasional shonen. But it's really the romcoms that take most of her attention, itching her to read chapter after chapter. Drinking and snacking throughout all this, she starts feeling a pressure lying with her on the bed below her stomach, reminding her what she's been working towards this whole time. Adding to her own kinky curiosities, she decides to search up some online doujins (eroticas) that fit her newfound urinating interests.

She stumbles upon diverse Omo titles, all from many different artists, putting twists on their own desires. The sights excited her; wetting girls, soaked jeans, leaky trails, gushing crotch holding. Mali was turned on by what she saw along with what she remembered. She resisted the urge to masturbate though, as she knew that she'd want to have a wetter climax than usual if she did, not to mention that what she viewed had already made her want to pee even more. She had finished her bottle of tea at this point.

2:31 PM: Tension between her and her urethral muscles was rising, but not yet dangerous enough to create a big concern. Mali began to move from side to side now, and found herself unable to sit completely still anymore. At this time she had hopped into an online call with some friends into a shooter game. Despite her tastes in literature, she never backed down to a fast paced run-and-gun session. Between matches, she continued to sip at some water, though it was beginning to trouble her to down it knowing how much it would impact her. She now started squirming seated in front of her TV, making her issue less ignorable. "...shit's getting serious now..." she mumbled. "What was that Mal?" a friend asked, unaware of her situation. "Ah~ nothing." she replied. After some more time playing, Mali disconnected from her call, knowing her focus now had to be put into holding it instead of talking with her friends.

3:34 PM: Mali switched to solo games. Her determination to keep playing matched her determination to withstand her urges to let go right here on her room's carpet. She could no longer drink; she could allow no more fluids into her body. Her lower half began trembling, creating a sweat coating her legs and groin. Because she wasn't wearing anything, her legs grew cold because of the sweat, adding to her shivering.

3:41 PM: Mali encounters a waterfall in her game. Her eyes widen. "...fuckfuckfuckfuckFUCK-" muffled *FRSH* "FCK!" She squeezes her thighs together tightly. Panting, she becomes aware of the damage, a burst of golden liquid slipped out of her with high force, leaving the spot of carpet she sat on soaked and still soaking with her pee. Her lower legs and ass grew warmer from the splash. Mali did not succumb to the end of her journey yet though, for she was dead set on finishing the level of her game.

3:44 PM: Her heart beat quick. Small drips began to leak from her pussy, but nothing large came out. She now breathed a slight moan, sweat from top to bottom, her desperation peaking further and further.

3:46 PM: Mali approached the goal, tear beads in her eyes, with crazed smirk growing on her face. The level complete box flashed on screen, and Mali shakily stood up with her hands tucked firmly between her legs. The timer began, and she had to move fast.

Steadier leaks rained through her fingertips and down her legs. Drops trickled onto the floor as she darted for the hallway to her bathroom. The pitter-patter of the droplets soon turned to tips and taps as she transitioned from her carpeted room to her wood-tiled hallway. Darting for the door, her energy was all in her body movements, and began loosening up her control on her urethral muscles. She became a low pressure golden sprinkler, small splashes escaping her crotch and falling all around below her torso, leaving a spotty trail.

Mali arrives at the bathroom door. She grabs the knob. Pushes it, only to be met with a force preventing her entrance. The towel she had hung up earlier had fallen behind the door, jamming it between the floor and the bottom of the door. "N-no please...you're joking!" She swiftly grabs the front of her shirt and shoves it into her stream. She loses all control. Warm, high pressure pee soaks her shirt and hands, and tumbles down blow making a hisses and splashes that comparable to a shower head. Mali's body completely tense, she gives the door repetitive shoves, her mind blank with many emotions circulating through her head. Her golden liquid coats her ankles now, forming a puddle where her increasingly spotty trail was left. With a final body shove, the bathroom door flew open, Mali along with it.

Inside, she loses her balance and slips down to one knee. The sound is now that of a bathtub faucet, gushing out without holding back. Her pee still hosing out, she stands herself up, opens the seat to her toilet, and slides onto it in one maneuver. A sigh of relief mixed with awe and pleasure is let out by Mali so emphatically that even Mali herself has never heard herself sigh before like that. Losing all sense of what was going on, she allowed herself to keep her hands and shirt inside the bowl as she went, it was automatic at this point anyways. She stared blankly as she completely emptied her bladder after nearly six and a half hours of holding it and drinking fluids.

As she subsided, she regained her thoughts and looked around. She first looked down. Her hands and shirt continued dripping after her flood's release, trickling into the partially filled golden bowl. Her legs stained the seat and sides of the toilet and too continued to drip. The tiles in front of the toilet had a notable splash near the corner between the wall and the bathtub/shower. Preceding it was a sharp dash of pee followed by her sizable puddle followed by another trail. She let out a groan, accompanied by a small laugh while gripping her head at what she did, not caring what she soaked with her golden rain any longer.

She felt comfortable though, her urge was relieved, and everything under her legs was still heated by the contents of the toilet. I'm happy though, she thought to herself. I'll have to experiment in the future with more things of that sort. Yuta would like it. I know I did! I even came a little bit. Either way, I should situate things here....my soaked shirt is starting to get cold...

___

Thanks for reading! Or maybe, thanks for partially reading! And even if you didn't read, thanks for scrolling down!

I wanna give a silent thanks to a very talented Pixiv Omo artist that goes by DualHart

! They're a fantastic artist that draws simple yet great (and hot) works over on Pixiv of course. However, their work can also be found on Gelbooru.com and Danbooru.donmai.us! Please show your support by giving them a follow or liking their posts, it's truly great stuff, not to mention its inspired by another equally talented Pixiv artist that goes by Rune

! Check them out too while you're at it!

Additionally, what do you think? How was the story? How can I improve upon it? Also, are there any situations you want me to put Mali through next time? My one and only idea for the next entry would be a car/side of the road wetting, but I am very open to suggestions! Again thanks for reading, and let me know!

; )

*003*2022-03-01 21:25

{{On 2/24/2022 at 2:43 AM, orangelion said:

Great story! I love stories where women leak with exposed vulvas. The thing I feel can be improved is better descriptions of actions of positions. For example, you never really mention what position she was in while playing games, (ie. sitting on a chair, standing up, sitting on the floor) until she leaks. When she encounters a waterfall at 3:44 p.m. you mention that she soaks the spot on the carpet on she is sitting on. Now you explain that she was sitting on carpet but, you don't explain what position she is sitting in. Maybe she is sitting with her legs straight flat on the ground, maybe she has her legs crossed, or perhaps she has her knees up to her chest.

Another example, is when she is trying to open the door. Is she using one hand or two hands? In most stories it wouldn't matter, but in this one she is desperate to pee and was holding herself using her hands. After she opens the door, she slips down to one knee. What were her hands doing when she slipped? Were they still firmly in her crotch or did she use them to catch her fall?

I really like your story and better descriptions would have made it even better. I also have to say I liked your other stories as well and I look forward to any new stories you write!

As for ideas.

Maybe she has a doctors appointment that requires her to have a full bladder, but she got her bladder too full.

She is desperate in the city and can't get to a toilet. Maybe cause it is night and most places are closed, or it is day, but she is too embarrassed to ask for a toilet while gripping herself. So she goes somewhere hidden to pee, but right after she starts she hears someone and is forced to stop peeing(or at least try) and run.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! I totally agree that adding positions could add a whole lot to this. Maybe next time I write I could revise this story up keeping that in mind.

Also I LOVE your idea! I’ll also keep it as a potential story going forward!

*004*2022-03-06 06:14

{{On 2/24/2022 at 2:43 AM, orangelion said:

Great story! I love stories where women leak with exposed vulvas. The thing I feel can be improved is better descriptions of actions of positions. For example, you never really mention what position she was in while playing games, (ie. sitting on a chair, standing up, sitting on the floor) until she leaks. When she encounters a waterfall at 3:44 p.m. you mention that she soaks the spot on the carpet on she is sitting on. Now you explain that she was sitting on carpet but, you don't explain what position she is sitting in. Maybe she is sitting with her legs straight flat on the ground, maybe she has her legs crossed, or perhaps she has her knees up to her chest.

Another example, is when she is trying to open the door. Is she using one hand or two hands? In most stories it wouldn't matter, but in this one she is desperate to pee and was holding herself using her hands. After she opens the door, she slips down to one knee. What were her hands doing when she slipped? Were they still firmly in her crotch or did she use them to catch her fall?

I really like your story and better descriptions would have made it even better. I also have to say I liked your other stories as well and I look forward to any new stories you write!

As for ideas.

Maybe she has a doctors appointment that requires her to have a full bladder, but she got her bladder too full.

She is desperate in the city and can't get to a toilet. Maybe cause it is night and most places are closed, or it is day, but she is too embarrassed to ask for a toilet while gripping herself. So she goes somewhere hidden to pee, but right after she starts she hears someone and is forced to stop peeing(or at least try) and run.

}}

Aaaand the revised version is done! Here's a link $$ to it if you wanna give it a brief reread. And again thanks for the advice, I'm always looking forward to improving in more ways than I can think of, so I really appreciate it.

