The Phone Call

Author: OmoScripter

*000*2021-01-16 19:22

This is a story I've had kicking around for a while. I wrote most of it a few years ago, but then decided to expand upon it.

It's not divided into chapters as such; it's more of a theme with variations. Most of those follow from events outlined in this first story.

###

Alison had been invited round to her good friend Susan's for a drink and a chat one Sunday evening. It had been a while since they'd seen each other and she was looking forward to a good catch up. She sat on the sofa in a pair of jeans and a black top, with her brown hair hanging past her shoulders.

Susan was curvier, with larger breasts and shot blonde hair, and was wearing a short black dress. She was sitting immodestly on a chair and Alison could see her white knickers up her dress. The wine was flowing freely and both girls were a little tipsy.

They had just started talking about a cute guy at Susan's work when the phone rang. Susan crossed the room and picked it up off the shelf.

"Hello?"

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Susan was surprised by the tone of the conversation but felt she trusted the unknown voice. "Yes".

"Are you alone?"

"No, I have my friend Alison with me."

"What are you wearing?"

Susan hesitated briefly before remembering she'd committed to answering all the questions truthfully. "A short black dress, a lacy white bra, and a pair of white cotton knickers".

Alison was confused. She could only hear her friend's side of the conversation and was startled to hear her describing her outfit over the phone.

The voice continued. "Good. This call will only take a few moments, which is just as well as you need to go to the toilet"

Susan hadn't noticed up until now, but she could feel the beginnings of a need to wee.

"In fact, you're more desperate that you thought. You should really be squeezing your thighs together. You don't want to wet yourself now do you?"

Susan could feel her urge growing stronger. She pressed her thighs together and let out a slightly strained "No".

"But it's not working. You feel like you're going to wet yourself. You should hold your crotch with your free hand. You'll need to dash to the loo after this call is over"

Susan could feel her desperation growing by the second. She grabbed her crotch tightly and began to involuntarily bounce up and down.

"But it's no use. Even after we've finished, you won't make it in time. Your wee is on the verge of bursting out of you."

Susan tried desperately not to wet herself but the voice was right - she was going to have an accident.

"You're going to wee now. With a huge sigh of relief, your wee will be forced into your knickers."

Susan couldn't hold on any more. "Ahhh" she sighed as her bladder burst and she began to wee herself. She weed for a good thirty seconds, soaking her knickers and the front of her dress. Once she'd finished her wee, the voice started speaking again.

"You will tell your friend what just happened. Leave your wet clothes on until she leaves. You will grow accustomed to the warm feeling in your crotch. Once your friend is gone, you will have a sudden urge to masturbate in your wet knickers. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same"

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

Alison was amazed. She'd seen Susan start pressing her legs together like she needed a wee, before starting to hold herself and jiggle like she REALLY needed a wee. Then all of a sudden, she just went "Ahhh", and wet herself. She couldn't understand it. Susan had excellent bladder control.

Susan turned to Alison and sheepishly said "I've wet myself. I hadn't realised how badly I needed to go and couldn't stop myself. Now, where were we?", and she sat back down and continued their conversation as if nothing had happened. Alison tried to ignore the fact that she could now see Susan's dark pubic hair through her wet knickers.

When Susan got up to get a second bottle of wine Alison saw that the back of Susan's dress now had a large wet patch. She made her excuses (it's a work night, I should be going) and left. They made an arrangement to meet next Saturday. Susan didn't seem that sorry to see her go.

As soon as the door was closed Susan began to feel very horny. She went into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet. She lifted her dress and thrust her hand into her wet knickers. The wetness increased her stimulation and it wasn't long before she climaxed. As she sat splayed on the toilet she realised she needed to wee again. Since her knickers were already wet there seemed no harm in weeing in them again, so Susan relaxed and felt warmth flooding into her knickers. It was a nice feeling, she realised, and knew she'd be wetting her knickers a lot more from now on.

***

Alison lay awake in bed. She couldn't get over what she'd just seen. Her friend had wet herself, but instead of being mortified she'd treated it as an everyday occurrence. Most people, herself included, would have been slightly disgusted by such behaviour. Alison slept fitfully as the scene replayed itself in her head over and over again, Susan's wet crotch almost taunting her.

***

The next morning Alison overslept. She barely had time to put on her clothes before she had to go to work. As a result, she arrived at the office absolutely bursting for a wee. She dashed into the toilets. Luckily there was a cubicle free. She just had enough time to pull her knickers down before she began to wee into the toilet. She sighed with relief.

While Alison was weeing she heard two colleagues enter the bathroom. From their voices she recognised them as Cathy and Janet, two women from the same office as her. She couldn't help but overhear their conversation.

"So what were you so desperate to tell me?" asked Janet.

"I pissed my knickers this morning." whispered Cathy conspiratorially. "My husband had just left to take the kids to school when I began to need a piss. Almost immediately it got worse and I had to press my legs together. Then I had to hold myself, but I couldn't keep it in and pissed myself. As a matter of fact I've still got my wet knickers on."

Alison heard the sound of a skirt being lifted and a gasp of astonishment from Janet. She'd stopped weeing by this point but didn't want her colleagues to know she'd overheard them.

"Why didn't you take them off?"

"I don't know, it just didn't occur to me."

"But that's disgusting. Anyway, you've made me need the loo now, so if you'll excuse me".

Janet crossed the bathroom and entered the cubicle on Alison's right. There was the sound of knickers being pulled down and Janet having a wee. While this was happening Cathy entered the cubicle on Alison's left, but after she sat down no noises came from the cubicle.

Janet finished her wee, washed her hands, and left the bathroom. Alison was about to get up as well when she heard a squelching noise to her left, accompanied by heavy breathing from Cathy. Alison realised she was masturbating in her wet knickers. She felt her own nether regions become aroused, but she didn't dare join in.

Cathy came quickly and then left the bathroom. Alison wondered what was going on. Cathy's story sounded very similar to what had happened to Susan. Had Susan also masturbated in her wet knickers, she thought.

Alison left the bathroom and started work. She couldn't help but notice that Cathy was drinking more tea than normal, with a corresponding increase in the number of toilet breaks. She might have found it irritating except that Cathy also seemed to be working extra hard to compensate.

In the afternoon Janet received a phone call. She had the desk next to Alison, who heard Janet's side of the call.

"Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Janet thought this must be a prank call, though she didn't recognise the sultry female voice, but decided to play along.

"Yes."

"Are you alone?"

"No, I'm at work in an open plan office."

"What are you wearing?"

"White blouse, black skirt, black knickers and tights."

Somehow Alison knew at this point that Janet was just about to wet herself.

"Good. This call will only take a few moments, which is just as well as you need to go to the toilet"

Janet was surprised that the caller knew this, and was also surprised to discover she did need a pee. She was sure she hadn't a moment ago.

"In fact, you're more desperate that you thought. You should really be squeezing your thighs together. You don't want to wet yourself now do you?"

Janet was beginning to panic now as she did indeed start squeezing her thighs together. She wanted to ask the caller how she knew this but instead could only manage a "No".

"But it's not working. You feel like you're going to wet yourself. You should hold your crotch with your free hand. You'll need to dash to the loo after this call is over"

Janet jammed her free hand into the gusset of her knickers, trying to stop herself peeing.

"But it's no use. Even after we've finished, you won't make it in time. Your pee is on the verge of bursting out of you."

Janet wanted to get up and run to the toilet, but somehow she couldn't. She was too desperate to move, and began jiggling uncontrollably.

"You're going to pee now. With a huge sigh of relief, your pee will be forced into your knickers."

Janet admitted defeat. She sighed and let the pee flow into her knickers. The pee pooled in her crotch and ran down the back of her skirt, down through her tights and into her shoes.

"You will tell nearby colleagues what just happened. You will then excuse yourself and go to the bathroom, where you will feel a sudden urge to masturbate. Keep your wet knickers and skirt on. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same"

The caller hung up. Alison couldn't believe it. This was exactly what had happened to Susan.

Janet turned to Alison. "I just peed my knickers. I had a sudden urge to go and just couldn't hold it. Look."

She lifted her skirt to show Alison her knickers. They were soaked, and we're clinging to Janet's intimate regions, which Alison was surprised to discover were shaved. She tried to look away but was somehow compelled to look at Janet's soaked knickers.

Janet excused herself and went to the bathroom, where she proceeded to run into a cubicle, rip her tights off, and force her hand into her knickers, climaxing almost instantly. She threw her ruined tights away but kept her skirt and knickers on, and returned to work.

Alison noticed Janet had kept her wet clothes on, but doubted she carried spares, so didn't say anything. She also noticed that Janet started joining Cathy on her tea breaks. She went for a wee just behind Janet at one point and saw her exchange a knowing look with Cathy as she came out of a cubicle. From the drips following Cathy along the floor she'd wet her knickers again. As Alison was doing her wee she heard strange noises coming from Janet's cubicle and knew she was also re-wetting her knickers. Then she heard noises similar to those she'd heard that morning and knew Janet was masturbating. Alison got out as quickly as possible. She no longer understood what was going on.

That night Alison again slept poorly. This time she saw both Susan and Janet weeing in their knickers, and saw both of their crotches vividly displayed before her.

That was the beginning of a very weird week for Alison. Every day she overslept and was forced to arrive at work with a bursting bladder. Every day another girl was boasting about how they'd wet themselves. Every afternoon someone would receive a phone call and would wee in their knickers moments later, before showing off their wet knickers and heading for the bathroom. And every night Alison would be taunted by dreams of the girls weeing themselves and flashing their wet crotches.

On Tuesday Gemma arrived and announced to the entire office that she'd become desperate and peed herself as soon as she got in the car to go to work.

On Wednesday Carol proclaimed that she'd pissed her jeans the previous evening, describing the wet patch in vivid detail.

On Thursday Lizzie returned from her lunch break clutching a new pack of knickers, which was odd as she was well known for going commando, and proceeded to put on a pair, flashing half the office as she did so. She then clenched her thighs, grabbed her crotch, jiggled and wet herself.

On Friday Lucy arrived in the office, only to freeze, bend her knees, grab her crotch and wee in her knickers. She then announced that she'd sprinkled in her lady garments, lifted her skirt to show off a dark triangle beneath, and run to the bathroom.

Once a girl had wet herself once, that was it. She'd start drink more tea, and hang around with the other wet girls. When Alison tried to join in the conversation would stop and she'd be met with disapproving stares.

The girls also spent an increased amount of time in the bathroom, wetting their knickers and masturbating several times a day. This placed a strain on the toilets, resulting in queues. Twice Alison came close to wetting herself waiting for a cubicle to become free, while being forced to listen to the sounds of fingers rubbing against wet knickers. The noises brought tingly sensations to Alison's intimate parts, and by the end of the day she'd be feeling very aroused and frustrated.

By the end of the week, Alison was exhausted. She was feeling isolated at work as the other girls wouldn't talk to her any more. There was also a growing sense of inevitability. She knew she'd receive the phone call sooner or later, an event she thought of with a mixture of dread and anticipation.

On Saturday evening Alison went back to Susan's. Susan was wearing the same black dress, and sat in the same immodest pose. Alison couldn't help staring at Susan's crotch, as her knickers had clearly been freshly weed in. She barely took in anything of what Susan was saying.

After a while Alison excused herself and went to the toilet. After her wee she noticed a laundry basket in the corner. A sudden impulse made her look inside. She found several pairs of wee stained knickers, as well as a pair of jeans which were almost completely soaked.

Alison left the bathroom and was greeted immediately by Susan holding her crotch. As soon as the door opened Susan rushed past Alison and sat on the toilet before weeing forcefully into her knickers.

"Sorry, but you were in there a long time and I was busting." said Susan as she re-wet her knickers, her face becoming flushed as she did so. Alison realised that Susan was turned on by the experience.

Susan finished her wee and started to breathe deeply. She wanted to masturbate, but hesitated as Alison was watching her. In the end though she was just too horny. She looked deep into Alison's eyes as she slowly slid a hand into her wet knickers and began to touch herself.

Seeing Susan masturbating brought out Alison's frustrations from earlier in the week. It made her even more aroused than just listening to the girls at work had, and she felt her knickers becoming damp. Her heart started racing. She couldn't take her eyes off Susan's busy fingers as her own hand found its way unbidden into her jeans. She briefly tried to touch herself before finding her jeans too constricting, so she pulled them down around her ankles. She then slipped her hand inside her knickers.

The two women watched each other masturbating, Alison stood in the doorway and Susan sat on the toilet. Each was spurred on by the actions of the other, and their breathing quickened in almost perfect unison.

Susan came first, her soaking knickers helping her along. She threw back her head and began to moan loudly, before letting out a final scream and slumping forward. The sight of this set Alison off and she came forcefully in her knickers. Both girls looked at each other, panting slightly.

As Alison realised what had just happened, she panicked. She quickly pulled her jeans on, and ran out of Susan’s flat. She heard Susan calling after her, but she ignored it. She had to get out of there as quickly as possible.

Susan wasn’t satiated after watching Alison masturbate in her knickers. She called after Alison, but once she heard the door slam she knew Alison wasn’t coming back. Still feeling very horny, Susan sat back against the toilet and masturbated herself to another climax, hoping Alison would be introduced to the pleasures of wet knickers soon.

Alison dashed home, shut the door behind her and leaned back against it, breathing heavily. There was something so wrong about what she’d just done, and yet her pussy was on fire. She ran into her bedroom, there her jeans off, and thrust her hand into her knickers. She was so horny she came almost instantly, and was still not satisfied. She went straight to bed, threw her clothes off, and spent the rest of her evening relieving the tensions of the previous week.

That night Alison slept soundly, and woke up feeling much refreshed. She got dressed, and set about her tasks for the day. She was just about to make herself a coffee when the phone rang.

Alison froze. Somehow, she knew this was it. She hesitated for a second, but realised she’d always be left wondering if she didn’t pick up. She crossed the room and answered the phone.

"Hello?"

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Alison wanted to ask what this was all about, but found that she couldn’t. Instead, all she said breathlessly was “Yes".

"Are you alone?"

“Yes”

"What are you wearing?"

Alison knew where this was going. “Jeans, a t-shirt, and a pair of grey knickers”.

"Good. This call will only take a few moments, which is just as well as you need to go to the toilet"

Just like that, Alison felt a tingling in her bladder. Despite not having had that coffee yet, she needed a wee.

"In fact, you're more desperate that you thought. You should really be squeezing your thighs together. You don't want to wet yourself now do you?"

Alison crossed her legs. The feeling in her bladder was stronger now. She’d seen this enough times to know what was coming, but she still managed to breathe out a ”No".

"But it's not working. You feel like you're going to wet yourself. You should hold your crotch with your free hand. You'll need to dash to the loo after this call is over"

Alison felt a spasm of desperation. She clasped her legs even more tightly together and wriggled her free hand inside her jeans in a last ditch attempt to stave off the inevitable.

"But it's no use. Even after we've finished, you won't make it in time. Your wee is on the verge of bursting out of you."

Alison was dying for a wee now. She grabbed her crotch even harder and began to pant softly as she tried to avoid wetting herself.

"You're going to wee now. With a huge sigh of relief, your wee will be forced into your knickers."

Alison felt her hand become wet and knew she’d leaked. At the same time, she’d become so desperate she couldn’t hold on any more. “Ahhh” she sighed as she began to wee herself. She felt her knickers become wet around her crotch, pooling for a second before her wee ran down her thighs. Her jeans darkened, the warm stream tickling her pussy as her water cascaded down her legs.

When Alison finished weeing, the voice on the phone began speaking again.

“Oh dear. You’ve had an accident. Look how wet your jeans are.”

Alison looked down, and saw that, yes, her jeans were soaked. The dark patch spread all the way down to her ankles.

“But it’s not just your jeans. Your knickers must be soaked. You should pull down your jeans and have a look.”

Slowly Alison undid her jeans and slid them over her hips, before looking down at her knickers. The front of them was much darker, and the wet patch clung to her pussy, giving her a slight camel toe.

“My, they are wet. I bet they feel warm against your pussy. Give them a quick feel, see how wet they are.”

Alison slowly brought her hand up to her knickers, and began to slowly rub herself through them.

“They really are wet, aren’t they?”

“Mmmm” Alison sighed softly into the phone.

“This is turning you on, isn’t it”

Alison hadn’t noticed, but now she thought about it, there was a pleasant tingly sensation in her crotch. “Yes” she whispered into the phone.

“You’ve been a naughty girl and wet your knickers”

Alison felt her arousal spike as she heard the words. Her breathing became ragged. “Yes”

“Your breasts are straining for some attention. Lift up you t-shirt and give them a good squeeze”.

Alison lifted her t-shirt to reveal her ample breasts. Her nipples were standing proudly to attention and she began to caress one with her free hand. Her breathing quickened and she felt herself start to blush.

“This is really turning you on now. You need to put you hand in your wet knickers and feel just how turned on you are.”

Alison put her hand inside her knickers. They were slippery with a different kind of wetness.

“Your pussy could really use some attention.”

Alison began to rub herself. She could feel the blood rushing to her nether regions, and knew she wasn’t going to last much longer.

“You’re getting close to orgasm now, aren’t you?”

“Yes”

“It feels good wetting your knickers, doesn’t it?”

“Yes”

“You’ll definitely be doing this again, won’t you?”

“YES”

“When you orgasm, you will feel an uncontrollable urge to wee. Keep your wet knickers and jeans on. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same"

“YES!”

“Well done. You’re going to cum now.”

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

Alison screamed as her orgasm tore through her. Her head shook violently as she fell to her knees and came, and came, and came.

When Alison came round, she saw what had happened. She was lying in a puddle on the carpet, breasts exposed, wearing wet knickers and jeans soaked through with wee. She was also surprised she needed to wee again, right now.

Alison briefly contemplated getting up, but realised she was’t going to make it to the toilet. With a soft sigh, she relaxed and weed through her knickers for a second time. She felt a tingly sensation between her legs as she did so.

When she was finished, Alison began to caress herself with one hand as she reached for her phone with the other.

“Susan, it’s Alison. This is a little bit embarrassing but, I’ve wet my knickers.”

*002*2021-01-20 22:19

Cathy, a short blond in her early thirties, was watching TV with her husband when the phone rang. She walked into the hallway and picked up the phone.

“Hello?”

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Cathy was a little taken aback by this, but managed to answer “Yes”.

"Are you alone?"

“No, my husband is here with me”.

The voice sighed. “OK. When this call finishes, you will feel a nagging sensation. Then the next time you are alone, you will realise that you in fact need the toilet. When you notice this, your urges will become stronger, and you will need to hold yourself. But despite your best efforts, you will lose control and piss your knickers. Find a friend and tell her what you’ve done. This will leave you feeling aroused, and you will need to masturbate. Is this clear?”

Cathy had zoned out by this point, but managed to respond with a “Yes”.

“You will tell your husband this was a marketing call. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same”.

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

Cathy put the phone down, and went back into the living room. “It was just a marketing call” she told her husband, as she sat back down on the sofa. She could feel a strangely pleasant tingling sensation between her legs, but wasn’t quite sure what it was.

***

When Cathy awoke the next morning, the tingling was still there. It persisted while she had her breakfast and got ready for work. It wasn’t until her husband said goodbye to her in the hallway and took the kids to school that she realised what it was.

She needed a piss.

She turned to make her way towards the bathroom but was immediately overcome by a wave of desperation. She bent her knees and crossed her legs, and began to hold herself. She was absolutely bursting, and began bouncing up and down as she tried to control herself. But it was no use.

Cathy began to piss her knickers.

She began whimpering as the first squirt soaked her knickers. Urgently she hiked up her skirt, just before she let go completely. Her hot piss burst out of her, tickling her clit and running over her pussy before streaming onto the floor. She closed her eyes and moaned softly as the warmth flooded her crotch.

When Cathy finished pissing her knickers, she felt a warmth radiating from her crotch. She felt so womanly. Her nipples were standing erect, her face was flushed, and she was panting softly. She wanted nothing more than to stick her hand into her knickers, but looked at the time and realised she had to get to work.

***

Cathy had calmed down a little by the time she arrived at the office, but still wanted to talk to someone about her morning. She walked into the kitchen area and grabbed the first person she saw, which was Janet.

“I need to talk to you. Toilets. Now”.

And with that Cathy set off for the toilets, pausing for a moment to make sure Janet was following her. When they arrived at the toilets the middle stall was occupied, but Cathy didn’t care. She turned to face Janet.

"So what were you so desperate to tell me?" asked Janet.

Cathy made a show of looking around. ”I pissed my knickers this morning." she whispered conspiratorially. "My husband had just left to take the kids to school when I began to need a piss. Almost immediately it got worse and I had to press my legs together. Then I had to hold myself, but I couldn't keep it in and pissed myself. As a matter of fact I've still got my wet knickers on."

She lifted up her skirt to a gasp of astonishment from Janet. Cathy felt a surge of arousal as she showed Janet her pissy knickers.

"Why didn't you take them off?"

Cathy thought about this for a second. “I don't know, it just didn't occur to me."

"But that's disgusting. Anyway, you've made me need the loo now, so if you'll excuse me".

Janet crossed the bathroom and entered the leftmost cubicle. Cathy was feeling really aroused by this point, and wanted nothing more than to touch herself. She entered the remaining cubicle and waited for Janet to finish pissing.

Once Cathy heard the toilet flush, the sound of taps running and the sound of the bathroom door closing, she began to wank. She started to pant as she rubbed her pussy through her wet knickers. She thought about how hot her wet knickers were and how sexy they made her feel. She became more and more worked up and it wasn’t long before her orgasm hit her like a train. It was all she could do to keep herself from screaming.

Satisfied, Cathy exited the bathroom. “I can’t wait to do that again” she thought, as she headed to the kitchen for an extra large cup of tea.

*004*2021-01-23 19:45

The character in this one is named as an homage to the author of these old stories

.

###

Lizzie, a slim girl in her mid twenties with long mousy brown hair, was working at her desk when the phone rang. She reached across her desk and picked it up.

“Hello”

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Lizzie didn’t really have time for this, and figured she’d get it over with as quickly as possible. “Yes”

“Are you alone?”

“No, I’m at work.”

“What are you wearing?”

“A white blouse and a black skirt.”

“What about your knickers?”

“Oh, I never wear underwear to work.”

The sultry voice took offence at this. “Oh dear. That won’t do at all. Only naughty girls don’t wear knickers.“

Lizzie was surprised to find she felt a sense of shame, which was not something she’d felt about not wearing knickers before.

The voice continued. “We’ll need to do something about that. At lunchtime, you need to go shopping and buy yourself some knickers. Will you do that?”

Lizzie wasn’t sure why but she found herself answering “Yes”.

The voice continued. “It really is very important that you do this. It’s also important that you don’t put the knickers on until you’re back at your desk. Don’t do anything else until you’ve got some knickers on.”

Lizzie found herself responding “Yes”.

“I know that you need a wee, but no matter how desperate you get, you cannot go until you’ve put on some knickers.”

Lizzie felt her bladder begin to tingle. “Yes”

“If anyone asks about this, you will say it was a marketing call. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same”.

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

Lizzie put the phone down, and went to get a cup of tea while she thought about where she could buy knickers at lunchtime.

When lunchtime came Lizzie got up and left the office. She was beginning to need a wee but had to do some shopping. It was a twenty five minute walk to the centre of town, and she set off at a steady pace. It was a bit chilly out and the cold was having an adverse effect on her bladder, but she thought she’d still be OK. As ever, she enjoyed the feeling of the cool air against her pussy, and she began to moisten.

Eventually Lizzie arrived at the shop and headed straight for the lingerie section. It was a low end chain store, but even so she was bewildered at the array of options available to her. Eventually she spotted a five pack of white knickers for a few quid and headed for the checkout. There was a small queue, and she paced awkwardly on the spot to distract herself from her need to wee. Eventually, she reached the front of the queue and paid for her new knickers.

“Oh, the toilets are at the back of the store, on the second floor”, said the checkout girl has she handed Lizzie a bag containing her new purchase. Lizzie just thanked the checkout girl and walked off. She looked at her watch and realised that she didn’t have time to go to the toilets now, as she needed to get back to work. Reluctantly, she made for the exit and started to walk back to work. Again, the cold increased her desperation, and she realised she needed a wee quite badly.

Lizzie arrived back at the office. She looked at the toilets, but thought she had time to drop off her bag and put on her new knickers first. She gritted her teeth and walked upstairs and over to her desk. She opened the packet and slipped on a pair, too desperate to care if she flashed anyone.

‘Right’, she thought, ‘now I can go for a wee’.

Unfortunately, her body took this as a signal, and a wave of desperation overcame her. She crossed her legs and waited for it to pass. But it didn’t. Instead it got stronger. Lizzie pressed her hands into her nice new knickers, desperately trying to to wee herself.

But it was no use. She felt a squirt of wee escape and trickle down the front of her knickers. This was followed by another squirt, and then another longer one. Before Lizzie knew it, she was doing a full blown wee in her knickers. A torrent of warmth poured through her knickers and ran down her legs, and Lizzie sighed softly with relief.

When she’d finished, she ran into the toilets to clean herself up. She entered the stall at the end, removed her skirt (which had a small damp patch on the back), and looked down at her knickers. They had gone completely see through and she could see a camel toe had formed around her pussy, along with her neatly trimmed public hair. She felt a dampness between her legs that wasn’t entirely from the wet patch in her knickers.

At that moment, she heard the door to the toilets open and what sounded like two people enter the toilets.

“God, all that tea’s gone right through me! I’m bursting for a piss!” exclaimed one of them, who Lizzie recognised as Cathy.

“Me too, I’m almost doing it in my knickers” replied the other, who turned out to be Carol.

Lizzie heard them cross the bathroom and enter the stalls to her right and close the doors, followed by two streams of wee hitting the toilet bowls.

“Oh dear!” said Cathy, in a voice that did not match the expression. “As soon as I sat down, I pissed my knickers.”

“Oh dear!” said Carol, almost as if they’d rehearsed it. “I pissed my knickers as well”.

Lizzie felt her pulse race as the two women continued weeing themselves. Combined with what she felt from her own accident, she longed to touch herself. The other two women finished weeing, but made no move to exit the toilets.

“Mmm, my knickers are all warm and wet now” said Cathy.

“Mine too” said Carol.

“We don’t have to go back to work right away, right?” said Cathy as Lizzie heard the sound of a hand rubbing a pair of very wet knickers.

“No, I think we have a few minutes” said Carol as Lizzie heard her do the same.

Lizzie couldn’t believe her ears. Cathy and Carol had both wet their knickers and were now masturbating in the toilets. It was so wrong, she thought, but her hand crept into her own knickers all the same.

As Cathy and Carol rubbed themselves to climax little did they know that Lizzie was doing the same. Lizzie hadn’t been this excited in months. She knew her face was flushed and her hair was dishevelled as she fingered herself furiously.

Cathy came first, moaning loudly as she did so. This spurred on Carol and she moaned even louder as she orgasmed. This pushed Lizzie over the edge and she had to bite her lip to keep herself from screaming. She didn’t want the other two to know that she’d heard them.

Cathy and Carol flushed and exited their stalls, but did not leave the bathroom. Lizzie heard them lifting their skirts.

“Wow Carol, that’s a nice wet patch you’ve got there”, said Cathy as she giggled.

“Yours isn’t bad either” said Carol. “Come on, let’s go and have some more tea”.

Lizzie tried to process what had happened as the other two women left the toilets. She’d just had one of the best orgasms of her life, and it was because she’d done a wee in her knickers. She knew she shouldn’t, but all she could think about was doing it again as soon as possible. She exited the stall, and, on a whim, lifted her skirt to admire her wet knickers. They really were sexy, she thought, and she headed for the kitchen. Hopefully she could catch Cathy and Carol having their tea.

*005*2021-01-27 21:11

This one grew in the telling – it's longer and is a bit more fleshed out.

###

Gemma had just got in from work. She'd had a typical day at the office, notable only because a colleague had peed herself in the afternoon. She made herself some dinner, and thought about what she wanted to do that evening.

Normally, she just watched some TV. Occasionally, she watched something a little steamier. But sometimes, when the mood took her, she had to take herself for a night out and have some fun. Tonight was one of those nights.

So after dinner, Gemma went upstairs to her bedroom, removed her work clothes, and stood in front of her mirror, admiring her naked body. Her piercing blue eyes gazed upon her cute little button nose and long red hair, which fell on either side of her breasts. She paused for a moment to admire her round tits and perky nipples, before moving down down to the triangle of neatly trimmed red pubic hair above her pussy.

Gemma smiled to herself and opened her wardrobe to choose her outfit for the evening. After a quick look she selected her favourite black dress. Figure-hugging, it was tight enough that she could forego a bra this evening. Her nipples hardened at the thought of it. She thought briefly about what knickers she should wear underneath, but then looked at herself in the mirror. The dress came down to the middle of her thigh, and she realised she’d get away without knickers tonight. She wasn’t sure if she dared, but then she felt her pussy begin to moisten and her mind was made up.

Gemma hit up a couple of bars and had a few drinks before finding herself in a nightclub. She’d been dancing by herself and just generally having a good time, but now she needed another drink. That was when she saw her.

There was a woman sat on a barstool who could have been her sister. Her nose was pointier, and her breasts were slightly larger, but she had the same blue eyes and the same long red hair, and was wearing a similar black dress. Gemma stood next to her at the bar and waited for the bartender.

The woman turned to face her. “Wanna dance?” she asked, smiling a knowing smile at her.

Gemma felt herself blushing. “I’m OK thanks” she said as she continued to wait for the bartender.

But the woman didn’t back down that easily. “It’s OK, I don’t bite. Tell you what. If I can guess what colour knickers you’re wearing, I get a dance.”

Gemma smiled to herself knowingly. “OK, you’re on” she said, confident that she’d win.

The woman thought for a second. “Black?” she asked.

Gemma shook her head. “Of course, that would be too easy” said the woman. She thought for a second. “White?”

Gemma giggled. “Nope, that’s not right either”. At that moment the bartender became free and she ordered her drink.

The woman thought for a second, then grinned. “You’re not wearing any knickers. Are you, you naughty girl?” she said, her blue eyes lighting up as she did so.

Gemma cursed inwardly. She’d lost. Unless… “Wrong again” she said, trying to hide the fact that she was lying.

The woman sighed. “Fair enough” she said, and quickly reached forward and lifted Gemma’s dress. “No fair! You cheated” she exclaimed in mock outrage as she dropped the dress back down.

“How did you know?” asked Gemma, dismayed that her ruse had failed.

The woman smiled. “Because I’m not wearing any knickers either” she said, and she glanced around before lifting up the front of her dress for just a second. Gemma couldn’t help but notice she had a full red bush. The flash was well timed as the bartender brought Gemma’s drink over immediately afterwards. She paid him and took the drink.

The woman got off her barstool and took Gemma’s free hand. “Right, you owe me a dance. Come on” she said as she dragged Gemma towards the dance floor. “My name’s Jemma, by the way. With a J”.

“Gemma” replied Gemma. “With a G”

“Hah!” said Jemma. “I can see we’re going to get along famously”

Jemma lead Gemma into the middle of the dance floor. She continued to hold Gemma’s hand and put her other hand on her waist. Gemma continued to sip at her drink while Jemma danced at her.

Jemma was a bit put out by this. “C’mon, you promised me a dance. Put that drink down and give me a real dance”

Gemma had half finished her drink by this point. She downed the rest and put the glass down, before Jemma took her by the hand and dragged her onto the dance floor.

To start with, Jemma danced with wild abandon, while Gemma faced her and danced rather more half-heartedly. But as they continued, Gemma got more into it, and when Jemma took her hand, and started spinning her around, it felt only natural to join in. And when Jemma put her hand on her hip, Gemma couldn’t help but do the same back.

And then Jemma moved her hand around to Gemma’s bottom, before pulling her closer, so their faces were almost touching.

“Mmm, I like you” purred Jemma, and she leaned in and kissed Gemma briefly on the mouth.

Gemma was confused. She’d never been with another woman before. Perhaps it was the alcohol, but she didn’t back away when Jemma kissed her second time.

And when Jemma pulled Gemma onto her thigh and began to grind against Gemma’s own leg, Gemma felt a heat between her legs and couldn’t help but do some grinding of her own.

The two women danced like this for a little while, until Gemma felt a need of a different kind. She’d had a lot to drink that evening, and it had been a long time since she’d been to the toilet. She broke off her kiss with Jemma and turned away.

“Please… stop… I really need to pee” she gasped as Jemma tried to kiss her again.

Jemma pulled away. “Me too. Come on, let’s go”, she said with a grin, and she grabbed Gemma by the hand and pulled her off the dance floor towards the toilets. They arrived to find a long line of women in various stages of desperation waiting to relieve themselves.

Towards the front of the line a brunette in a blue dress was bent forward with both hands pressed against her crotch. A couple of places behind her a younger girl with bright blue hair was jumping up and down with her hands between the legs of her denim shorts. She was followed by a group of five blondes, whose matching pink tops and the fact that one of them was wearing a bridal sash implied they were a hen party.

The two women took their place in line behind the hen party. Gemma crossed her legs and began to whimper.

“I don’t think I’m going to last much longer” she said to Jemma.

“You’ll be fine” said Jemma reassuringly.

The line shuffled forward. The brunette was now fifth in line. She was standing awkwardly as she continued to hold herself. Gemma thought the brunette looked almost as bad as she did.

Suddenly the blue haired girl let out a small shriek. Gemma saw a small dark patch appear between her legs, before she she leaned back against the wall and completely peed her shorts.

At this point the hen party all burst out laughing at a joke one of them had told, all of them either crossing their legs or holding themselves under their skirts. The blue haired girl slunk away, embarrassed , and the bridal party moved into the space.

The line shuffled forward. The brunette was frantic now, and it was clear to Gemma that she wasn't going to make it.

The hen party will still laughing. The blonde in the bridal sash was crying with laughter.

"Ooh, stop! I need a wee!", she exclaimed, which just lead to more laughter.

"Stop! Stop!" she cried. And then it happened. Gemma saw liquid spurt from beneath the bride's dress. Then another. Then the flood started. Pee cascaded down the blonde bride's legs.

The bride started to cry. One of the members of the hen party, who was apparently the maid of honour, gathered the remaining girls around her.

"We can't let this ruin Steph's hen night." she said to the others in a low voice. "Now that she's weed herself, we all need to do it too".

"What?! I'm not pissing myself just because the silly bitch can't hold it" said one of the others.

"You're doing it, or I'll tell them the freshers' week story" said the maid of honour. The other girl made a face. "Just follow my lead."

The maid of honour turned to the bride and theatrically bobbed up and down.

"Oh no! I can't hold it any more!"

And with that, she lifted her skirt and looked down as her knickers darkened and pee splattered onto the floor. The other girls lined up alongside her and wet themselves in a similar fashion.

"Ohh! It's coming out!"

"I'm weeing myself!"

"Oh no. I'm wetting myself. How embarrassing." said the girl who'd complained in a sarcastic monotone, but she was peeing her knickers all the same.

No-one noticed as the brunette spread her legs and wet herself under her dress.

Gemma looked at the hen party in disbelief. Their antics were not helping her situation. “I don’t think I’m going to make it” she said as she started to hold herself.

Jemma thought for a second. “I have an idea!” she said, grinning as she grabbed Gemma’s free hand. Gemma held herself tightly, trying not to pee as Jemma dragged her across the club towards the entrance. Gemma was surprised as they left the club, before heading down the street and ducking into an alleyway.

They moved a little way down the alleyway before stopping. Jemma looked at Gemma. “Here. This will do”, she said, motioning to the ground.

Gemma looked at her incredulously. “I can’t pee here! I thought we were going to find a toilet.” she said. Then she moaned suddenly. “Oh no, I think I leaked a bit” she said as she put her second hand under her dress. “Yeah, my fingers are wet. I can’t hold on much longer.

Jemma sighed. “Well, I’m peeing here. And I guess you’ll be peeing here whether you want to or not”. And with that, she squatted down, lifted up her dress to reveal her hairy pussy, and began to pee forcefully onto the ground.

Hearing and seeing this made Gemma let loose another squirt of pee as she stared at Jemma.

“Go on, you’ll feel better. It’s so good” sighed Jemma as she continued to pee.

Gemma gave in. Leaning back against the wall, she used her free hand to lift her dress, before letting go of her pussy. Immediately she let out a torrent of pee that splashed onto the ground. Jemma looked up at her and grinned as she continued her own pee.

Just then they were interrupted by a girl with long black hair entering the alleyway. “Shit! Sorry.” she exclaimed, doing a double take when she saw the two peeing redheads.

Jemma laughed. “Don’t mind us, we’re nearly finished” she said as she finished peeing and shook herself dry.

Gemma blushed furiously. She wasn’t used to peeing outside, or in front of strangers. She looked at the girl and saw that she was squeezing her thighs together and holding herself through her jeans. She finished her pee, shook herself as she saw Jemma do, and stood up, dropping her dress into place.

Jemma stood up and put her arm around Gemma’s shoulder.

“Where do you live?” she asked, guiding Gemma out of the alleyway.

“Just around the corner” Gemma replied.

“Your place is closer then. Let’s go” said Jemma. She put her hand on Gemma’s arse. “Lead on”.

Gemma looked over her shoulder to see the black haired girl pulling down her jeans before she and Jemma walked off.

* * *

Gemma woke up naked the next morning. That wasn't unusual. What was unusual was that she woke up looking at her reflection, who was also naked. And then she remembered the night before.

Her movements had obviously roused Jemma, who sleepily opened her eyes.

"Morning"

"Morning" replied Gemma, still putting the pieces together. "Did we...?"

"No, we basically just crashed out here. I offered to take the sofa but you dragged me into your bed."

Gemma must have looked quizzical, because Jemma carried on with "Or maybe I just followed you in here and we passed out. I forget".

Gemma laughed, then caught sight of the clock by the bed.

"Shit! I'm late for work!"

Gemma jumped out of bed, and immediately moved a hand to her crotch.

"And I need to pee! Be right back."

Gemma stumbled out onto the landing. She was just about to enter the bathroom when she heard the phone ringing. Despite her need to use the toilet, she felt she had to answer it.

“Hello?”

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Gemma was still groggy from having just woken up, but she sleepily mumbled “Yes?”.

"Are you alone?"

“No, I have a ... friend staying over”.

The voice sighed. “OK. When this call finishes, you will feel a nagging sensation. Then the next time you are alone, you will realise that you in fact need the toilet. When you notice this, your urges will become stronger, and you will need to hold yourself. But despite your best efforts, you will lose control and pee your knickers. Find a friend and tell her what you’ve done. This will leave you feeling aroused, and you will need to masturbate. Is this clear?”

Gemma groggily responded with a “Yes”.

“You will tell your friend this was a marketing call. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same”.

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

Gemma went back into the bedroom.

"Who was that on the phone?" asked Jemma.

"Just some marketing call" replied Gemma. "I need to go to work. Can you let yourself out?"

"Sure. Do you want my number?"

Gemma felt a twitch between her legs. "Yeah, leave it in the kitchen" she said as she put on her standard work outfit: a pair of white knickers, a black skirt and a white blouse. She took a last look at the naked Jemma in her bed, before heading out the front door.

As she shut the front door behind her, she realised she must have forgotten to go to the loo before she left, but she thought she could hold it until she made it to the office. As she crossed the drive way to her car, she began to revise the assumption. She held her legs together as she unlocked the car before she struggled to open the door. She just about managed to collapse into the seat before she had to hold herself tightly under her skirt.

Gemma needed to go worse than she thought. She thought about going back inside, but then she realised she was too desperate to move. She was going to pee herself in her car. She tried to think of something else, but it was no use.

She felt her knickers become warm and wet under her fingers as she leaked. Then she leaked again. And then, despite her best efforts, pee flooded her knickers and skirt, and soaked the car seat. Gemma sighed audibly, enjoying the relief as her bladder emptied itself.

At last, Gemma stopped peeing. She was mortified. She hadn't even made it off her drive and she has already wet herself. She thought about going back inside to get changed, but she was already late and she didn't want Jemma to see her like this. She was just going to have to go to work. And besides, she thought, I'm not the first person to pee myself this week.

The drive to the office was uneventful, save for the wet feeling between her legs. It was creating a warm, tingly sensation. It was not altogether unpleasant, Gemma thought, as she wondered how she'd deal with her arrival in an obviously wet skirt.

In the end, she didn't have much choice. When she arrived she went straight to the kitchen for some tea. Most of the other girls were already there. Gemma knew she couldn't hide it, so she decided to just come straight out with it.

"Yes, I peed myself this morning. I was in a rush and I didn't realise I needed to go until I was in the car. By then it was too late and I just had to pee myself."

People seemed understanding, and no more was said of Gemma's accident. After her cup of tea, Gemma went into the toilets. She told herself she wanted to freshen up after her accident, but really she wanted to do something about the tingly sensation in her knickers.

The toilets were empty when she arrived. Gemma caught sight of herself in the mirror, and saw the rather large wet patch on the back of her skirt. A naughty thought occurred to her, and she lifted up the front of her skirt to look at her knickers. They had gone completely see through, and she could see her neatly trimmed bush through them. Gemma found the sight really quite arousing.

Just then Janet entered the toilets. She stopped when she saw Gemma, crossed her legs and her bum started bobbing up and down. She really needs to pee, thought Gemma, who found herself becoming even more aroused.

"Sorry Janet. I was just inspecting the damage. I peed myself like you did yesterday." she said, showing Janet her wet knickers.

Janet squirmed. "Oooh, that's made me need to pee. Right now".

She wasn't kidding. Gemma watched as Janet spread her legs and wet her knickers under her skirt, sighing loudly as she did so.

This brought things to a head for Gemma. She put her hand down her knickers and began to rub her clit for all she was worth. Her breathing quickened and she started to blush furiously. Janet, meanwhile, was playing with her pussy while she continued to pee through her knickers.

The two women were both really horny, and it didn't take them long to orgasm. Janet came first, her breathing becoming ragged, and this pushed Gemma over the edge. The two women stood there for a moment, faces flushed and panting softly.

Janet came round first. "Wow! I need some more tea after that. Would you like to join me?" she asked.

Gemma nodded, and the two of them exited the bathroom.

* * *

Gemma arrived home from work feeling hot and horny. Gemma had been peeing through her knickers all day, and another colleague had peed herself at her desk in the afternoon. Right now Gemma was quite desperate having been holding her pee since she left the office.

Gemma walked into the kitchen to make herself another drink when she saw that Jemma had left her a note.

###

Dear Gemma,

Great fun last night. Can't wait for next time.

You free for dinner Saturday?

My number is 07700 900034. Call me.

Jemma xxx

###

Gemma giggled, and then put her hand between her legs. She liked the idea of seeing Jemma again. She especially liked the idea of Jemma peeing her knickers in front of her. She got out her phone and sent Jemma a text.

###

Hi Jem its Gem Saturday sounds great c u then xx

###

Gemma spent an agonising few minutes busting for the loo while waiting for Jemma's response. At last, her phone went off. Gemma jumped slightly, and let go a short spurt into her knickers.

###

Great will pick u up at 8 cya

###

Gemma's heart leapt as warmth flooded her knickers. She gave a small thought to the kitchen floor, before deciding that she didn't care. She leaned back against the worktop and hiked up her skirt to see her pee pouring through her knickers. She rubbed herself with her other hand and quickly brought herself to orgasm.

After a few minutes, Gemma calmed down. As she cleaned up after her latest accident, she started thinking about how to introduce Jemma to peeing in her knickers.

* * *

At last, Saturday came. Gemma, along with most of the other office girls, had spent most of the week peeing herself. She hadn't felt this frisky since, well, ever, but tonight she was looking a little more intimacy. She had decided to wear a red dress, with a matching pair of knickers that she knew would not hide any "accidents" she might have.

The doorbell rang and Gemma answered it to find Jemma standing there in a near identical red dress. Jemma laughed.

"Wow, we really are in sync!. You're wearing red knickers too, aren't you?"

Gemma giggled and lifted her dress. Jemma leaned back slightly and did the same. Gemma caught a glimpse of a pair of sexy scarlet knickers, which she had to admit were more exciting than her own.

Jemma proffered her arm, Gemma accepted it, and they walked to the restaurant.

The restaurant Jemma has chosen was somewhat fancy, with dim lighting and small, elegant tables. Gemma and Jemma sat down and started chatting. It turned out they had more in common than just dress sense - they also had similar tastes in music, among other things. The wine flowed freely as they enjoyed their meal. Gemma could not recall a more pleasant evening.

They had coffees at the end of the meal. Gemma was feeling pleasantly relaxed. She also needed to pee, but her leg was touching Jemma's and she didn't want the moment to end.

Jemma leaned forward and looked her in the eyes. "So, is this your first date with a woman?" she asked, removing her shoe and rubbing Gemma's leg with her foot as she did so.

Gemma giggled shyly, and swallowed nervously. "Er, it is actually".

Jemma's eyes lit up. "Don't worry, I'll be gentle." she purred as her foot made its way up Gemma's leg. "Close your eyes".

Gemma closed her eyes. She felt a light tingling sensation where Jemma was caressing her leg. When Jemma reached her knee she gasped and felt her knees spread apart ever so slightly. She could feel herself getting wet as Jemma's foot continued up her inner thigh. After a few moments Jemma brought her foot to rest just below Gemma's crotch, and began using her big toe to gently massage Gemma's clit through her knickers.

Gemma left out a soft moan and gripped the table to steady herself. She really needed to pee but she felt so good she couldn't move. Her tongue was protruding slightly and her breathing quickened. Her desperation increased with her arousal and she was now bursting for a pee.

She was certain that Jemma was going to make her cum. She was also certain that she was going to wet herself.

Consumed by pleasure, Gemma felt as if her whole body was on fire. Her cheeks were burning as she writhed in her seat. She felt her orgasm rushing towards her; she tried vainly to prolong the sensation but it was no use. She was cumming in her chair and peeing uncontrollably, wetting her dress, her knickers and Jemma's foot. He head rolled back as her pee splashed on the floor. She had expected Jemma to pull her foot back in disgust but it was still massaging her pussy, prolonging her orgasm.

At last Gemma stopped wetting herself, and she came down. She was blushing profusely, and realised she was sitting in a large, very warm puddle, and that everyone in the restaurant must have seen her. She opened her eyes and looked at Jemma, who was grinning at her.

"Wow." she breathed. "That's such a compliment. I've never made someone piss themselves before".

Gemma just giggled shyly.

Jemma continued. "I guess we need to skip the rest of the evening and go straight back to mine. You're not going to get into anywhere looking like that."

Jemma got the bill and paid for dinner, leaving a generous tip. The pair exited the restaurant and walked towards Jemma's flat. Gemma hoped it wasn't far - her knickers were cold now and the large wet patch on her dress was quite embarrassing.

"I'm sorry I spoiled your plans for the evening" she said to Jemma.

"Who said you spoiled anything. I haven't seen anything that hot in a long time." Jemma put her hand on Gemma's bum and turned her to face her. She leaned into Gemma's ear. "In fact, when you pissed yourself I almost did the same thing myself"

Gemma's heart skipped a beat. "I would have loved that" she whispered to Jemma.

"Mmm, you're a kinky one, aren't you? You're in luck, I'm dying for a piss".

Jemma stepped away and crossed her legs. "I knew I should have gone in the restaurant. I thought I could make it home, but I don't think I can." She started to hold herself through her dress.

Gemma's eyes blazed. She stumbled forwards and placed one hand atop Jemma's, while using her other hand to pull her into a deep passionate kiss. Jemma returned the kiss until her legs spasmed and Gemma felt her hand get wet.

"Oops" giggled Jemma, "I've pissed my knickers. I guess there's no point holding on any longer."

Gemma felt Jemma's warm pee flooding over her hand. Hungrily she resumed kissing Jemma and began to massage her gently with her hand while Jemma continued to wet herself. Jemma's dress quickly became soaked and her pee splashed onto the ground.

At last Jemma stopped peeing. Her face was bright red, and her nipples were hard under her dress. It was obvious to Gemma that she was very very horny.

"God that was good" she breathed. "Come on, you still owe me an orgasm."

Gemma laughed. The two women put their arms around each other and continued to Jemma's flat.

"You know", said Jemma, "I think this could be the start of a beautiful friendship".

Gemma looked knowingly at her. "Just a friend?"

"You know what I mean."

Gemma turned and gave Jemma a peck on the cheek. "I know".

The two women walked off into an undoubtedly wet future.

*007*2021-01-30 23:53

Lucy awoke with a start to the sound of her phone ringing. She looked at her alarm clock and realised she was running late for work. She jumped out of bed and ran for the phone.

“Hello?”

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Lucy was taken aback by this. “What? Yes, sorry, I'm late for work, can you ring back later?”.

The voice sounded indignant. “If that's the case, then you won't have time to go to the toilet before you leave. Which is unfortunate, because you do need to go to the toilet.”

Lucy was annoyed to find the voice was right. “So what if I do, I don't have time for this”.

"You'll have to try and hold it until you get to work, but you won't be able to. You will sprinkle in your lady garments, in front of everyone."

Lucy was getting cross now. "Fine, I really need to go to work now."

“This will leave you feeling aroused, and you will need to masturbate. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same”.

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

Lucy put the phone down in exasperation. She was really behind now. She ran back into her bedroom, threw her nightie off, and picked up the first pair of lady garments that came to hand, which happened to be a matching pair of white lacy bra and knickers. She threw on a black skirt and a white blouse. She needed to sprinkle, but she knew she was in such a rush that she didn't have time, so she skipped the toilet and went straight to her car.

Driving to work took her mind off her need. In fact all she felt was a pleasant tingling sensation. She might have enjoyed it more had she not been in such a rush. The pleasant tingling continued as she parked her car and walked into the office. She was just about to reach her desk when it happened.

The tingling sensation vanished and she was suddenly aware needed to sprinkle right away. She thought about going to the toilets but she realised she was unable to move, it was that bad. She bent down and squeezed her thighs together, and held herself through her lady garments.

It wasn't enough. She began to sprinkle her lady garments with her water, first with a trickle, and then a torrent. All she could do was stand there, in full view of the office, while her bladder voided itself into her clothes. She moaned softly as she felt the warmth between her legs.

At last, the sprinkling stopped, though the warmth remained. Lucy blushed crimson as she took stock of what had happened.

"I had an accident. I sprinkled in my lady garments" she said, more to herself than to her audience. Absentmindedly she lifted up the front of her skirt and looked at said lady garments, which had become transparent where she'd soaked them. She quickly headed to the toilets to sort herself out.

Lucy arrived in the toilets and immediately locked herself in one of the cubicles. She didn't understand what had happened. She hadn't had an accident in years. And yet, she felt a heat between her legs that she had never associated with wetting herself.

At that moment she heard the door to the toilets open and someone walk in.

"Lucy? It's Lizzie. I thought you might need some help?"

Lucy didn't want to be seen like this. "Go away."

Lizzie was unperturbed. "I get it. You've weed yourself and you feel embarrassed about it. It's OK. We've all been there."

Lucy heard Lizzie enter the cubicle next to her, and start to sprinkle

"I'm doing a wee in my knickers right now as it happens. I just love the warm feeling."

Lucy felt the heat between her legs building as Lizzie finished sprinkling.

"But what I really love is putting my hand down my wet knickers afterwards. It gives me a really good orgasm"

Lucy felt a twitch under her lady garments.

"I bet you're feeling tingly down there. Go on. Touch yourself. I am."

Slowly, Lucy's hand crept down to her lady garments. As soon as she touched herself she felt an explosion of sensation, and she started to rub herself furiously. She could hear Lizzie doing the same next door.

"God I love weeing myself!" cried Lizzie. "Here it comes! Ah! Ahhh!"

Hearing Lizzie have an orgasm increased the heat Lucy felt inside her lady garments. She subconsciously started bucking her hips, and it wasn't long before she had a strong orgasm of her own. She leaned back on the toilet, sighed heavily, and almost passed out in the afterglow.

After what felt like an age she heard Lizzie exiting her cubicle. Lucy did the same, and saw Lizzie waiting for her with a big grin on her face.

"Come on. Time for some more tea." she said, and they left the toilets together.

*008*2021-02-03 19:08

Carol was home alone watching TV when the phone rang. Cursing slightly, she paused her programme and went to answer it.

"Hello?"

A sultry female voice answered. "Answer all questions truthfully and obey all instructions. You will remember this conversation took place but nothing of the contents. Is this understood?"

Carol was a bit put out by this and wanted the caller to go away as quickly as possible, so she answered “Yes".

"Are you alone?"

“Yes”

"What are you wearing?"

“Jeans and a white blouse”.

"Knickers?"

"Black"

"Good. This call will only take a few moments, which is just as well as you need to go to the toilet."

Carol was surprised to find that this was true.

"There's a fullness in your belly causing a pleasant tingling sensation."

Carol had to agree that the sensation she was feeling was not unpleasant.

"Give yourself a quick squeeze through your jeans"

Carol put her free hand to her crotch and grabbed her pussy.

"That's nice isn't it?"

"Mmmm"

"It will feel even better if you put your hand in your jeans."

Carol slipped her hand under the waistband of her jeans. Her knickers were slightly damp, and she began to slowly rub herself.

"You're quite aroused now. You'll need to take care of this before you go to the toilet. You'll need to be quick. You don't want to wet yourself do you?"

Carol breathed a "No" as she sighed with pleasure.

"Slip your hand into your knickers and touch your clit."

Carol did so and moaned softly as a wave of pleasure coursed throughout her body. She continued to rub herself for a few moments while the voice offered simple words of encouragement.

"You're getting desperate for a piss now. Think about how good it will feel to let it go"

Carol became aware of the fullness in her bladder. Another wave of pleasure crashed over her.

"In fact, you're so desperate that you won't be able to cum without pissing yourself."

Another wave of pleasure.

"But it's too late. Your need to cum is greater than your need to piss."

Carol rubbed her clit furiously.

"You're getting close now"

Carol let out a soft "oh fuck" as she felt her orgasm building.

"Tomorrow, find a friend and tell her what you've done. Don't tell anyone about this unless you're sure they feel the same."

"Oh fuck! Yes!"

“Well done. You’re going to cum now.”

The voice on the other end hung up the phone.

"FUUUCK!" screamed Carol as she came harder than she ever had in her life. She felt a short, hard blast of piss escape and wet her hand. She tried to stop but her ongoing orgasm overruled her and she began to completely piss her jeans. She closed her eyes and leaned against the wall, her fingers working busily to continue the pleasure she was feeling. Piss flooded her jeans and poured onto the floor beneath her.

Eventually, Carol came round to find herself sitting in a huge puddle, face red and breathing heavy. She'd never had an orgasm that hard or that long before. Still feeling a bit groggy, she unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down to look at her knickers. They didn't look wet, but when she put her hand in her crotch the feeling was unmistakable.

'I really should clean this up', she thought, her hand idly rubbing her wet knickers. But that could wait.

***

The next morning Carol went into work as usual. She needed to tell someone about what had happened. She saw Sophie in the kitchen, who had wet herself the previous afternoon. Carol went over to her, hoping to garner some sympathy.

"I pissed my jeans last night". Several heads turned and she realised she should have kept her voice down. "They were soaked, it ran all down my legs and under my bum."

Sophie smiled coyly, and Carol swore she saw her nipples stiffen under her blouse.

"I need to pee actually. You coming?"

Carol felt her pussy tingle. She nodded, and the two of them headed for the toilets.

When they arrived they went straight to adjacent cubicles. Carol sat down, and lifted her skirt. She was about to pull her knickers down when she realised turned on she was. Instead, she relaxed and began to piss her knickers. She let out a moan as warmth caressed her pussy.

"You're pissing your knickers as well right?" asked Sophie, before letting out her own moan.

"Mmm-hmm"

Just then the door opened and someone else entered the remaining cubicle. From the sounds that followed it was clear the occupant was not pissing her knickers, and Carol and Sophie continued to piss and masturbate as the door opened four more times. The other woman flushed and exited her cubicle, and a new occupant took her place. This one was clearly having some fun, letting out short spurts of piss into her knickers. Carol made a mental note to try that next time.

Just then a voice piped up from outside the cubicles. It was Alison.

"Could you hurry up please? I'm about to wee myself!".

This was too much for both Carol, and she had a short, powerful orgasm. She gave herself a moment to come round, and then exited the cubicle to see Janet, Lucy and Alison waiting. Janet gave her a knowing smile as she took her place in the cubicle, while Lucy and Alison were clearly trying not to piss themselves.

'They need to learn to wet themselves', thought Carol as she went to get some tea. 'It's much more fun.'

###

That's it for now. I might return to this idea in the future, it's quite versatile.

Thanks for the feedback, it is much appreciated.

