Mario and Luigi's Wild Chuckola Chase (Princess Peach)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2022-05-07 21:40

This story idea was suggested by @Kingofkong

. Also here's another first for me. This story is gonna have multiple parts. Here is the first one.

$$

Part 1: Sampling the Chuckola Reserve

"Ahh,Welcome to Mother Chuckola,dear princess!" Bubbles the soda maker said.

"Thanks for the warm welcome. Mister bubbles." Princess Peach said,with her advisor toadsworth walking right behind her.

"I'm happy you took the time to come visit. I've been working very hard on the latest blend of Chuckola reserve." Bubbles said while spinning around. "It's a shame that the mustachioed ones aren't here. i would've liked to see them have a taste of this too.

"I find it rather concerning that Master Mario and Master Luigi didn't tag along. What if that ruffian bowser comes over to kidnap you,your highness. Or what if someone else tries to-"

"Toadsworth,please calm down. Everything will be fine. Mario and Luigi deserve some time off after everything they've done for us." Peach said.

"Bubbles opened a door and motioned for the princess and the old toad to follow him.Soon enough,they arrived at a room,with a barrel in the center. The barrel was shaking uncontrollably,causing a feeling of dread to go through Toadsworth's body.

"You do not need to panic,that's just the soda brewing. It needs to have a steady stream of good jokes." Bubbles said.

"Good jokes?" Peach repeated. Bubbles approached the barrel and crouched down.

"What do you say to a soda when you want it to stop? Put a cork in it!" Bubbles said. The barrel began shaking,almost as if it was laughing.

"What does a lawyer say when they've completed they job? Cassis closed!" The barrel shook again. Princess Peach and Toadsworth just watched in confusion.

"Please take a seat your highness. The reserve will be ready after i give this barrel a...pop quiz." The barrel shook again. Peach and Toadsworth merely smiled sheepishly and did as the soda maker told.

"I really hope that thing is as harmless as he claims." Toadsworth days.

"Toadsworth. You worry too much." Peach said. However,Toadsworth's constant worries did make Peach wonder about Mario and Luigi. Made her wonder things like...What could they be doing now?

###

"Here we go bro! I brought us some-a Coffee blends. Straight from-a E.Gadd himself." Luigi said as he placed the Coffee on the table. Mario rubbed his hands together and grabbed one of the cups. He then chugged it down hastily.

"Woah,slow down there bro. We don't want you to get sick with-a Bean Fever again." Luigi said. Mario raised an eyebrow and looked at Luigi.

"I know the doctor said that it only applies to foods you aren't-a used to..but still. Take it easy bro." Luigi said. Mario nodded and put the cup down. He looked around and admired the sight of the village,before getting bored of that and finishing his cup of coffee.

"How do you think the Princess and-a Toadsworth are doing?" Luigi asked. Mario placed the back of his hand on his forehead and made an exaggerated panic expression.

"Yeah,i can imagine him being worried. Still,the princess can defend herself,no?" Luigi said. Mario nodded proudly. Despite how often she got kidnapped,Peach has proven multiple times that she can be dangerous when she wants to.

"Do you want to join up with them at Mother Chuckola after this? I've been-a wanting to get some more of that cola again. And it's-a getting kinda boring here..." Luigi said. Mario gave Luigi a thumbs up and waited for him to finish his blend. The bros then left the table and began heading for the exit of the village.

"Oh! Oh! Wait! How about-a we make a stop by the shop first? It seems they're-a having a discount!" Luigi said. Mario stroked his mustache and smiled.

"Yeah,kinda funny that they lower the price based off-a your mustache. But im-a not complaining." Luigi said as the two entered the store.

###

"Here you go princess. And here is one for you,good sir." Bubbles said as he placed a bottle of Chuckola Cola in the middle of the table. With two glasses near it.

"We've made this Chuckola with some new ingredients. Ingredients that are bound to boost your mood and your energy. We hope you enjoy it." Bubbles said with a bow.

"Thank you,Mr. Bubbles." Peach said as the founder of the cola then spun and danced his way out of the room. Leaving both Peach and toadsworth alone.

"Quite the eccentric fellow,isn't he?" Toadsworth said. Peach didn't respond and instead she grabbed the bottle and poured it into the glass in front of her. She then waited for Toadsworth to do the same. It took a while as the old toad was hesitating,but eventually he filled his glass. With a toast,the two then took a sip from their drink...or atleast Peach did,with Toadsworth once again hesitating for a moment.

"Hmm....This is delicious! I can already feel the happiness coursing through me. Hehehe~" Peach said with a bright smile. Toadsworth finished his sip and took a look at the glass.

"Hmm..it tastes good atleast. Still,we should be careful or else-" Toadsworth stopped his sentence as he saw Peach pouring herself another full glass.

"P-Princess? Try not to have too much of that! It could have alcohol in it for all we know." Toadsworth said. Peach took a large sip of her glass and looked back at toadsworth.

"C'mon Toadsworth. Bubbles would've told us before hand,right?" Peach said. While the drink may not have any alcohol,with how happy she seemed and with how red her face was now. You'd be forgiven for assuming she might've gotten a bit tipsy from this drink. Eventually,Bubbles returned to check up on the two.

"Are you enjoying the drinks,your highness?" Bubbles asked.

"It's delicious! I really enjoyed it." Peach said with a smile.

"I can tell,most of the bottle seems to be empty." Bubbles joked.

"What have you put inside that drink?" Toadsworth asked with a worried look.

"Oh! Why i'm glad you asked! i was thinking of giving you a tour on how the Chuckola Cola came to be. Would you like to tag along?"

"Sounds educational. I'll gladly do so." Peach said.

"But princess,what about the meeting with Queen Bean?" Toadsworth asked.

"That will be tonight Toadsworth,we've got plenty of time." Peach replied. With her mind having been made up,she and her advisor followed the owner out of the room. Peach still had a bright smile on her face thanks to the cola. Bubbles jumped inside a Warp Pipe and the princess followed.

###

"It was quite the different era back then. An era that wasn't known for all the laughter and good times we have today." Bubbles said as he showed the Princess and the old toad a picture he had taken long ago. Peach and Toadsworth listened while the owner of the reserve rambled on about his past. Peach looked around. They were currently in a cavern with multiple artifacts. All no doubt from the era Bubbles is rambling on about right now. The one that particularly caught her attention was the mini-fountain that was gushing out Chuckola Cola.

"Ahh,i see you're interested in the Chuckola fountain."

"Yeah,it looks pretty cute." Princess Peach said.

"Yeah. It isn't as grand as the newer models,but it makes me feel pretty nostalgic. See back when i made this,there wasn't..." Bubbles continued to talk. Peach listened but kept glancing back at the fountain. It was making Bubbles feel nostalgic,but it was making Peach feel something else. Something more....uncomfortable. Peach looked down and realized she was shifting her legs a little. She had been so focused on the stuff Bubbles was saying that she hadn't noticed her bladder was filling up. No doubt thanks to the chuckola reserve she drank earlier.

"Princess?" Peach stopped her train of thought and looked at Toadsworth,who was standing near a door. Peach quickly realized that Bubbles had left the area and Toadsworth was urging her to follow him. Peach quickly approached toadsworth and the two followed Bubbles into another part of the cavern.

"And over here,we have have a picture of our when we served the first cup to our highness. She felt so much joy and energy upon drinking it." Bubbles said as he spun around. Peach kept her eyes glued on the picture,but her mind kept going back to her bladder. Now that she had noticed the pressure,it seemed determined to let it's presence be known. Peach ignored it and went back to focusing on the painting.

###

"Mamamia. Did it get hotter all of the sudden?" Luigi asked as he wiped sweat of his forehead. Mario seemed completely unfazed however. He pointed at the scarf Luigi had bought.

"It-a goes with everything,bro!" Luigi said with a smile. Mario chuckled and went back to looking ahead of him.

"I can't wait to reach Mother Chuckola. I wonder if Peach and-a Toadsworth have gotten a taste of it." Luigi asked.

"Oh Mon dieu! Is zat ze Mario Brothers?" a familiar voice said. The bros turned around and saw two beanish people standing in front of them.

"Cork! Cask! It's-a been a while!" Luigi said.

"Fancy meeting ze two of you here. What brings ze saviours of ze Bean Bean Kingdom here?" Cork asked.

"Me and Mario were on our way to Mother Chuckola." Luigi replied.

"Ah! You wish to sample ze reserve again? Me and Cork were just fetching some ingredients for ze latest blend of chuckola." Cask said. Mario pointed at the two and then pointed at the road ahead of them.

"Bien Sur! We will gladly come along with you two!" Cork answered. With that,the two pair of brothers made their way through the forest and towards mother Chuckola.

###

"Next up,we are gonna show you the process of use making the soda!" Bubbles said. Peach followed closely behind,but she was struggling to pay attention. She must've REALLY gone overboard with the Soda. It hadn't been that long and yet with each step she took,she could feel a wave of pressure going through her body. While the two old men were facing away from,Peach pressed her hands against her dress in an attempt to ease the pressure. But none of it did her any good.

"Princess? Are you okay?" Toadsworth asked. Snapping Princess Peach out of her thoughts.

"Y-Yeah. I'm fine Toadsworth." Princess Peach said. Toadsworth stared at her for a bit longer.

"You seem to be sweating." He remarked.

"Oh uh...i just feel a little warm." Peach said.

"Oh! Would you like me to get you another sample of our finest beverages?" Bubbles asked.

"N-no thanks. I'm good." Peach said. Bubbles nodded and continued talking.

"Next,we take the fruits and put them in this machine over here." Bubbles said as he grabbed some fruit and stuffed them inside a cone. He then pressed the button and the machine began squeezing juice out of the fruit. The sight of the liquid filling the cup made Peach even more nervous.

"Ignore it...ignore it..." Peach thought to herself as she tried to pay attention to anything other than the liquid. Soon the sound of splashing liquid stopped and bubbles grabbed the cup.

"Once that's done,we take the cup and add the following ingredients." Bubbles said.

Peach shifted uncomfortably and tried to look around. Unfortunately,there was nothing in the cave to help her take her mind off the increasing pressure in her abdomen. She let out a moan,but quickly covered her mouth. She looked at the two old men,but neither of them seemed to have heard her.

"Oh,i hope we return to the surface soon." Peach said with blush.

###

"Ah, magnifique! We've arrived at Château de Chucklehuck!" Cork said. With Cask and the Mario Bros following right behind. Up ahead in the distance was the entrance to the aforementioned Chateau.

"Please,Come zis way! We've done some renovating since ze last time you guys visited! Cask said. The pair of bros briskly walked towards the entrance and went inside the Chateau. Upon entering they were immediately greeted by sight of a maze of barrels. Just like last time,but this time there seemed to be more.

"Alright,if you could just follow us zis way..." Cork said.

"Attendez,Cork. I don't think zat is ze right way. We need to go over here." Cask said.

"Hmm...i could've sworn we had to go over zere..." Cork said.

The Mario bros watched the two siblings debating which way to go with a sweatdrop sliding down their face.

###

A pipe came out of the ground and Bubbles jumped out of it and landed on his feet with a pose. Both Peach and Toadsworth carefully exited the pipe,although Peach seemed to be struggling more than toadsworth.

"Ah,here we are. Chateau de Chucklehuck!" Bubbles said. "As you can see,this place is filled with barrels. All of which contain several flavors of our Chuckola Cola." Bubbles pointed to a path between a stack of barrels.

"We have so many barrels we've even managed to make a maze out of it for the visitors." Bubbles said.

"That sounds dangerous...." Toadsworth said. Peach stood behind him,clutching the front of her dress. It took every bit of strength in her body to fight back the urge shuffle around to try and ease the pressure. The pressure was now constant and every step she took made her clench her teeth.

"As long as you two follow me,we shouldn't have to worry about you two getting lost." Bubbles said. With that,the two followed the cosplaying old man into the barrel maze. Peach took some deep breaths,praying they could soon exit the maze and find a bathroom if possible.

"Non,Cork. We're going ze right way,i promise!" A voice said. Peach snapped out of her thoughts and looked around. She could see some shapes moving between the barrels,but she wasn't able to make out who was on the other side. She did see red and green,But she doubted the voice belong to the Mario Bros.

"Unless Mario and Luigi started taking french lessons..." Peach thought to herself. She gritted her teeth again as another twinge went through her body,urging her to exit the maze as fast as possible.

"Excuse,Mr bub...bles?" Her voice trailed. Neither Bubbles nor Toadsworth was near her.

"Oh no! Oh no! Did i wander too far?" Peach said with worry. Another strain went through her body. This time,she couldn't take it anymore and jammed both hands on her crotch. She crossed her legs and looked around. On one hand,she was thankful nobody was looking at her. On the other hand,this meant she now had to find the exit on her own. She took a deep breath and began speed walking through the barrel. Not stopping to think and taking whatever path happened to be closest to her. She felt a twinge with every step,urging her to walk faster until she eventually started running. Sweat ran down her face and her teeth were now bared as she tried her hardest to hold back to flood that was threatening to burst out of her bladder.

She went through several paths,some leading to dead ends and some leading her right back to where she was at first. Or at least it felt like so. Peach got increasingly more distressed until she saw another path up ahead. and this one had a light up ahead. She took a moment to cross her legs tighter and then bolted towards the light. Upon reaching the end of the path,saw that the light came from a door leading to the exit of the chateau.

"I...I did it! I found the ex...EEP!" Peach stiffened up and rubbed her tights together.

"Okay...F-Focus. Now i just need to find a bathroom!" Peach said. She looked around and her body went completely pale. Aside from the exit and the maze of barrels right behind her. The only thing she saw were walls. And none of them had a bathroom door.

"No...Ahh!" Peach groaned and looked at the exit.

"Oh,i can't believe i'm gonna do this..." Peach said. She hastily ran out of the chateau and looked around. Thankfully,she saw nobody nearby in the woods that surrounded the chateau. She ran towards on of the bushes and hid behind a tree that seemed thick enough to hide her. She hastily looked around to make sure and hiked up her dress. She draped it with one hand and then hastily pulled the panties down with the other.

She then crouched down,holding up her dress with both hands. Peach blushed and waited anxiously. In a split second,a powerful spurt of urine came out of her body and splattered against a patch of dirt near where she was hiding. Peach felt another twinge go through her body,but that twinge was quickly replaced with the feeling of relief. Peach closed her eyes and couldn't help but let out a sigh as all the pressure she felt in the past half hour melted away. She kept her eyes closed and relished in the feeling of relief as her bladder continued to shrink. Soon the feeling of relief vanished and she was left waiting for her stream to end. She opened her eyes and let out a sigh.

"Note to self. Go easy on the chuckola reserve next time." Peach said as she waited for the stream to end. However,upon looking down she noticed something very odd. The puddle of urine she was creating wasn't clear..in fact. it seemed to be the same color as the Chuckola reserve she drank. Peach stared at the puddle in confusion before she felt her stream stop completely. She looked around and shook her head.

"I have nothing to wipe with." She said. She looked at the bushes next to her and gritted her teeth.

"Desperate times call for desperate measures." Peach said. Goodness knows she had proven that fact just now with her unusual peeing spot. She grabbed a leaf from the bush and carefully wiped herself clean before dropping it and pulling her panties up. She then looked back at the puddle she created and blushed.

"What in the name of the Star Spirits did they put in that reserve?" Peach said as she continued to be baffled by the color of the puddle. She really should've tried to pay more attention to the lecture bubbles was giving her....

"Oh stars! Bubbles and Toadsworth!" She said. She then hastily returned back to the entrance of the reserve.

###

"See,i told you could trust me to find the exit." Bubbles said.

"THE PRINCESS IS STILL GONE!" Toadsworth said as he looked around with worry.

"I'm here,calm down toadsworth." Peach said,standing at the entrance of the Chateau.

"Princess,oh princess! Thank the star spirits! You seem to be okay!" Toadsworth said as he hugged the princess. Peach let out a sheepish smile and looked at Bubbles.

"Umm...perhaps you should make shortcut. Just in case." Peach said with a deadpan expression. Bubbles scratched his head and sheepishly smiled. After a few minutes,the Princess and Toadsworth bid Bubbles farewell and left the reserve.

"So,where are we headed now?" Toadsworth asked.

"We're heading to Little Fungitown. I want to see if there have been any changes there since our last visit." Peach said.

###

"Ah,merde! We're right back where we started!" Cork said.

"I told you we should've taken ze right path." Cask said. The Mario Bros followed them out of the maze and scratched their heads.

"Mamamia." Both bros muttered.

"Je suis desole,Mario and Luigi. i fear we might've gotten at bit to carried a way with ze design of the maze. Looks like we have to make a map." Cork said.

"That's a fine." Luigi said. With Mario nodding.

"Oh! Well if it isn't the Mario bros. Fancy seeing you two here." Bubbles said. the bros waved at him and smiled.

"If you came here for the princess,she just left with her advisor. I heard them talking about going to Little Fungitown on their way out. I had the honor of letting them sample our newest blend of de chuckola reserve today."

"Aww man,lucky them." Luigi said.

"I can you two a sample too,if you are willing to wait." Bubbles said. Mario and Luigi nodded and went outside the chateau. Deciding to keep themselves distracted with nature until Bubbles came back. Mario looked at the bushes he was standing near until he spotted something peculiar. He jumped over the bushes and went to inspect it.

"What is it bro?" Luigi said,following his older brother. Luigi raised an eyebrow as he saw a pinkish puddle on the dirt below.

"Is that...the Chuckola reserve?" Luigi said. Mario leaned closer and his eyes widened as he felt a smell penetrate his nose. He sniffed and then backed away,covering his nose. Luigi copied his bro and then recoiled too.

"Ugh,i don't remember the Chuckola reserve smelling just like-a pee." Luigi said. The two bros glanced at each other.

"You don't think...this is actually pee. Do you?" Luigi asked. Mario looked at the puddle and then scratched his head. as if he couldn't come up with another explanation. It smelled just like pee and the puddle was just here in the middle of the forest. Not only that,but the size of the puddle was also rather remarkable. atleast to the bros. There had been a lot of times where they had been forced to relieve themselves outside and they have never been able to create a puddle this big. let alone with THAT color.

"What kind of creature could've created such a mess?" Luigi asked. His brother looking just as confused as him.

To be continued.....

*005*2022-05-22 15:11

Alright,without further ado. Here is part two.

Part 2:A visit to Little Fungitown.

After their visit to Mother Chuckola,Peach and Toadsworth made their way back to the town.

"Now then. It's time to head to Little Fungitown!" Peach said.

"But princess! In order to reach the town we have to go through Teehee valley first." Toadsworth said. Peach stopped and looked to be deep in her thoughts. This time Toadsworth had a point. Teehee Valley was filled to the brim with dangerous creatures and during her last visit, she got captured by them a handful of times. Thankfully, the Mario Bros were nearby to save her every time.

"So...Do you want to wait for Mario to come back?" Peach asked.

"I believe that would be the best choice, your highness." Toadsworth said. Peach nodded and decided to listen to Toadsworth. The two found a seat and sat down.

"I'm feeling a bit hungry. Do you need me to get you anything, Princess?" Toadsworth asked.

"I'm fine." Peach replied. Toadsworth nodded and made his way to a nearby café. Peach relaxed and waited. The village seemed to have changed a bit since her last visit. Of course, the last time she visited, Cackletta and her forces had wrecked most of the village. But it seemed the Bean Bean folk had taken this as an opportunity to rebuild the village and make it better. Peach smiled and looked around. Soon two familiar caps entered her vision.

"Mario! Luigi! I'm over here!" Princess Peach yelled. The two bros spotted the princess and ran up to her.

"I'm so happy to see you guys! How did everything go?" Princess Peach said.

"Well, we got bored and decided to-a stop by Mother Chuckola to check up on you guys. But it seemed we might've been too late" luigi replied.

"Oh, is that so?" Peach asked. She remembered seeing familiar colors in the barrel maze, but the accents made her doubt it was the Mario Bros.

"I'm back, Sorry for the wait princess!" Toadsworth responded as he came back with his snack.

"Ah, Master Mario! Master Luigi! It feels so great to see you guys by our side once more!" Toadsworth said.

Mario and Luigi waved back at Toadsworth and soon the group were on their way to Little Fungitown. The Mario Bros were telling the princess about how they ran into cork and cask on their way to mother chuckola. However, one detail of the story caught Peach's attention and caused her to blush.

"A pink puddle?" Mario nodded and elaborated. A sweat drop rolled down peach's face as she released they were talking about the puddle she left behind.

"I-i'm sure someone must've just spilled some Chuckola Cola there." Peach replied.

"I don't remember Chuckola Cola smelling like-a pee though..." Luigi said. causing Peach's face to turn even redder.

"So what do you think could've caused such a mess?" Toadsworth asked. The bros theorized that perhaps a monster decided to do it's business there. Each word caused Peach to become more and more embarrassed.

"*Ahem* I'm sure it doesn't mean much. Perhaps it was just the wild life." Peach said. The bros though about it for a second and ultimately decided to drop the conversation.

"C'mon! We should be heading to Little Fungitown now." Peach said. With the decision having been made, the bros and Toadsworth followed the princess and began making their way to Little Fungitown.

###

......But of course, as stated: In order to reach Little Fungitown, one needs to cross Teehee Valley first. A desert area where plenty of enemies hid and waited for the right moment to strike.

"Master Mario, Master Luigi! I must ask you two to be extra vigilant of the princess! We wouldn't want her to get snagged by the bandits of this desert again!" Toadsworth said. The bros gave a thumbs up and walked in front her while Toadsworth stayed behind her. They carefully wandered through the desert, keeping an eye out for any enemies that might try to strike. As they continued walking ,her mind began to wander and soon another matter came to her attention.

"Oh,you can't be serious..." Peach thought. But with the steps she was taking, her suspicions were confirmed to be true: Her bladder was starting to fill up again.

"Next time i'm taking a smaller sample." Peach replied. Annoyed by the fact that the Chuckola Reserve was having this effect on her bladder. Thankfully, for now the pressure was minor and could easily be ignored. She just hoped it could stay that way for a while.

###

"See toadsworth. Everything was fine." Peach said. The group had arrived at the entrance to little fungitown with no incident. Upon crossing the entrance, they were greeted by a few toads.

"G-Greetings, Princess Peach! Welcome back to Little Fungitown!" The toad responded. Upon hearing the name, more toads approached the group and began swarming them. Mario and Luigi did their best to keep them at bay while Peach and Toadsworth made their way through the crowd.

"I'm happy to see you're still a source of inspiration for these Toads, Princess." Toadsworth replied. Peach smiled and waved and continued to do so until they reached a building.

"P-please, have a seat your highness!" One of the toads said. Peach and Toadsworth did as told and another toad approached her.

"D-Do you need us to get you something to drink?"

"Y-Yeah! May we interest you in some Chuckola Reserve?" The other toad said.

"No thanks. I already had my fill of Chuckola for today." Princess Peach said nervously. She crossed her legs a little and could still feel the pressure from earlier, with it being somewhat stronger this time. Clearly the Chuckola reserve wasn't completely out her system just yet.

"O-Oh. That's fine. Would you like us to give you some tea instead?" The toad said.

"That won't be necessary. I'm not feeling particularly thirsty right now." Peach said.

"V-Very well. I shall inform the rest of the tour group that you have arrived." The toad said and left the two.

###

Princess Peach and Toadsworth were now following the toads around the town. Much like the Bean Bean castle town and Mother Chuckola, there were some changes here and there since the last time she visited. One thing that she quickly noticed is that the town was a lot more populated. There were more buildings and the variety of toads was much wider now than it was during her last visit.

"Now then, if you could follow me. I would like to show you guys some of the new attractions we've got." The toad said. The group continued to follow behind the toads. While walking, Mario and Luigi heard a snippet of a conversation a few toads were having.

"It was a Giant Yoshi, it was pink and had black eyes with red pupils..."

"Are you sure? That sounds like it could a rumor. Just like the monster of the Guffawha Ruins."

Mario and Luigi looked at each other. A giant pink Yoshi with black eyes and glowing pupils. That sounds just like Yoob, the giant monster they had to deal with back in Yoshi's Island. Could he have travelled here and caused chaos? when they last saw it, it was just stationed on top of the mountains of the island completely inactive after Mario and Luigi had freed the Yoshi's from it's belly.

While they were busy pondering, Peach was trying to pay attention to the town. But once again, her bladder was starting to pressure her. She ignored it and continued listening to what the toads had to say. Perhaps after this they could stop by a shop that had a toilet. She could hold it until then.

###

"And last but not least, here we have a the Statue of the mustached bros. Built in honor of the Mario Bros who saved this kingdom from Bowletta's wrath!" The toad said as it pointed to the statue. Peach kept a smile on her face and looked at the bros, who seemed to be just as amazed.

"Aaaand that'll do it for this tour." The toad said.

"Well that was interesting. A lot has changed since our last visit, wouldn't you say princess?" Toadsworth asked.

"Indeed." Peach said. The princess and the bros walked away from the statue and bid the toads farewell. With the tour now over, they were free to do whatever they wanted. Peach decided to stop by the arcade first at the request of the Mario bros. Peach and Toadsworth sat down and watched as the bros began playing a game of Star 'Stache Smash.

"Say-a Mario, wasn't there a doll explaining the instructions last time we played-a this?" Luigi asked. Mario looked at the machine and sure enough, the Geno doll was gone. Peach continued starring at the bros while Toadsworth relaxed and began getting lost in thought. Peach continued staring at the bros, but her mind kept going back to her need to pee. The pressure had gotten stronger now and she was starting to have trouble ignoring it once again. She crossed her legs and placed her hands on top of her dress. She looked around for something to distract her. There was a toad raging at one of the fighting games, another Toad wasting his coins at the crane game. And a toad with a green face being escorted out of the arcade by paramedics.

"I'm going to get something to drink. That trip through Teehee Valley and that long tour have left my throat feeling dry." Toadsworth said as he got up and left the table. Peach looked back at the machine the bros were using and they seemed to be to engrossed in it to pay attention to her. She decided to get up and head to the bathrooms while they were all distracted. She carefully got closer and closer until...

"Oh my stars! Princess Peach is here!" A toad yelled. Peach turned around and was soon surrounded by toads once again. Peach backed away from the door and smiled as the toads began bombarding her with questions. Peach backed away more and more from the toilet doors while trying to answer all the questions. Eventually, she was pulled to the side by Mario and Luigi and after a while, the toads walked away. Feeling honored to have met the princess in person.

"Mamamia..." Mario let out.

"Mario,Luigi. Thanks." Peach said. Luigi noticed she was shifting around nervously.

"No need to be-a nervous princess, we know how nerve-wrecking having so many eyes on you can-a be." Luigi said.

"Oh uhh...yeah. Peach said. Toadsworth soon returned and handed Peach a bottle of water.

"Oh, this won't be necessary Toadsworth." Peach said as she tried to hand the bottle back to him.

"Now,now princess. It is important to stay hydrated. Especially after the trip through the valley and having spent so much time in the sun today." Toadsworth said as he pushed back in her hand. Another sweat drop rolled down Peach's face and she reluctantly took a swig from the bottle.

###

"What is this place Luigi? Peach asked. Luigi had taken them to a seemingly random house at the edge of the town.

"I just want to show you guys-a someone who helped me with retrieving the Crabbie Grass during our last-a trip." Luigi said. The group followed Luigi inside the house, where they were greeted by....Dr. Toadley?

"Ah,surprised to see? You are!" Dr. Toadley replied. Mario gave Luigi a confused look.

"I swear i did-a not meet him before the blorbs incident." Luigi said. "You remember Psycho kamek, right?"

"Has Psycho Kamek decided to practice his magic more? He has! Have i come here to give me wisdom to those who need it? I HAVE!" Dr. Toadley yelled.

"My how....interesting." Peach said. She was shifting around and clutching her dress even tighter now. That water she drank kept her hydrated but it also had the unfortunate side effect of filling up her bladder faster.

"Has the nerves taken over your body?" Dr. Toadley asked.

"Huh?"

"Do you feel so uneasy that you're face is red? You do!" Dr. Toadley said.

"Oh,uhh..."

"Can Dr. Toadley remove all of your worries with his hypnosis? He can!" Dr. Toadley asked.

"H-hey! You won't be using your black magic on the princess!" Toadsworth said.

"Hahahah! It's fine. Does Dr. Toadley have any evil intentions? No he doesn't! Is he merely trying to keep up the spirit that Psycho Kamek left behind in his house? He is!" Dr. Toadley replied.

"I'm sure it won't a be harmful, princess." Luigi said. Peach stopped and after a few seconds of thinking, she decided to agree to it.

"Most excellent. Do you need to stand before me? You must!" Dr. Toadley said. Peach did just that and took a deep breath. Maybe this could help distract her from her aching bladder?

"Do you need to close your eyes? You do...Must you completely relax? You must..." Dr. Toadley said as he spun his staff around. Peach tried to, but gritted her teeth as she felt her bladder try to evacuate it's contents right there and then. Perhaps this wasn't such a good idea after all.

"Should you let your worries take over you? You shouldn't! You should think of relaxing things, you should." Dr. Toadley said as he continued spinning his staff.

"You are completely relaxed. You are in the middle of the grassland of the Mushroom Kingdom." Dr. Toadley said. Peach closed her eyes.

"You are blessed by the sound of the chirping birds, the wind blowing through the trees. The river flowing and creating a water fall." Dr. Toadley said. Peach gritted her teeth and opened her eyes, this was not helping at all.

"*Ahem* i think we've seen enough, this doesn't seem to be comforting the princess at all." Toadsworth said.

"Is it a shame? it is? Will Dr. Toadley still be available if you need him? He will!" Dr. toadley said.

"Y-yeah. thanks Dr. Toadley." Peach said.

###

The sun was starting to set. And that meant that Peach had to return to the castle in a few hours for her visit to Queen Bean. The princess bid farewell to the toads cheering for her and she soon left the city entrance with the bros and Toadsworth. Using a lift platform, they slowly made their way down until they reached the ground of Teehee valley. The wait time had been rather agonizing for Princess Peach as she was starting to feel a twinge every step she took.

Peach turned and looked at the bros, they were talking to each other about some apparent rumor that was going around town involving a giant pink yoshi. And they seemed to believe that perhaps it might've been responsible for the puddle back in Mother Chuckola. Peach was really tempted to tell them to drop the conversation again,as she didn't want to be constantly reminded of the fact that she was the culprit. But her thoughts were interrupted when the platform stopped.

"Ah,we're finally in Teehee valley again. Let's tread carefully now.." Toadsworth said. Peach carefully followed the toad and the bros. She had hope that she could hold it until they reached the castle. As long as they didn't run into any enemies.....

....Perhaps she might've jinxed. As right after she finished that train of thought, a sand storm began blinding them and pushing them back.

"Ahh...Mamamia! I can't see anything." Luigi yelled. Peach could feel the wind lifting up her dress. The sudden wind made her shiver and she quickly jammed her hands in front of her dress. Both the preserve some modesty and to try to keep control on her bladder. But just when it seemed things couldn't get any worse...

"EEEP!" Peach got snatched by some shadowy figures. Peach wouldn't quite see what they were because of the sand storm.

"Help me!" Peach yelled out.

###

"Ngh! Let me! Go!" Peach said. Trying to break free from the ropes that restrained her right now. Turns out her captors were a pair of Gritty Goombas. How they were able to tie her up was a mystery, Goombas seemed to be capable of a lot of things that would require the usage of hands.

The Gritty Goombas began dancing and cheering and once they were done, they left the princess alone. She tried to wrestle herself free from the ropes. But with each movement, she felt a strain in her body.

"Ahhh....I need to pee..." Peach moaned. She gasped and looked around. Thankfully, it seemed nobody around had heard her. Still, that didn't bring her much comfort. As the only thing she could focus on was her aching bladder that was reaching it's limit.

"Oh! Mario! Luigi! Please come soon!" Peach moaned.

###

A Gritty Goomba was knocked against a wall and then poofed away. Mario and Luigi put their hammers away and smiled. The two then posed with each other.

"Master Mario! Master Luigi! Not to interrupt your moment of victory. But can we please focus on the task at hand!?" Toadsworth yelled. Mario and Luigi stopped posing and looked around. They had been inside the cave for a few minutes now and Peach was nowhere to be seen.

"Mamamia,those goombas sure are fast." Luigi said. The trio continued making their way through the cave, hoping to find any clue of the princess. Eventually, they came across one clue. Her crown. It was laying on the floor of sand.

"I guess it must've fallen off while they were-a carrying her." Luigi said. Mario nodded and pointed forward. It at the very least meant they were on the right track. They continued running forward and then stopped once they caught the sight of something familiar.

"Mario,isn't that-a...." Mario slowly approached the sight. It was yet another puddle,just like the one back at Mother Chuckola. Same color,same smell.

"Oh no! You don't suppose-a Yoob got her,right?" Luigi asked.

"W-What?! No! No! No! I refuse to believe the princess was gobbled up by that monster. You guys had gotten rid of it,right?" Toadsworth said.

"Umm....Technically-"

"Back away from me!" A voice said, Mario and Luigi's eyes widened as they recognized the voice. Peach was very close. They kept running and running until eventually they found her. Standing in the middle of some beat up Gritty Goombas with her parasol in her hand.

"Oh! Princess! Princess! I'm so happy to see you save!" Toadsworth said as he ran up the princess and hugged her. He then gave her her crown back,which surprised peach as she hadn't noticed that she had dropped it.

"Hey-a princess. You wouldn't have happened to see a giant pink-a yoshi around, have you?" Luigi asked. Peach blushed.

"No,all i saw were these bandaged Goombas. W-Why do you ask?" Peach asked, though secretly she already knew why.

"We found yet another Pink puddle. And it has the same smell and color as the one back at Mother Chuckola." Luigi replied.

"Uhh...i'm sure it's just a coincidence Luigi." Peach said. Before the bros could press the matter even further, Peach pointed forward.

"C'mon! We're gonna be late for our meeting if we stay here any longer." Peach said as she began power walking away. Hoping to ignore the fact that the bros had found yet another mess SHE made.

Earlier......

"Ngh...ahh,i need to go..." Peach whimpered. She didn't know how many minutes had passed but the bros were taking a while to get to her. She was starting to worry she might actually have an accident at this rate. She took deep breaths and tried to calm herself down.

"Easy there peach, they could be nearby right about now. You just gotta-Ahh.." Peach moaned, feeling yet another twinge.

"HELP ME!" Peach yelled out as tried to free herself from the ropes again. Groaning as the movement put even more of a strain on her bladder. Suddenly, the gritty Goombas from earlier ran up to her and began cutting down the ropes. They were conversing amongst themselves and it almost seemed like they were panicking. One of the Goombas used their spears to cut the rope. It then ran up to her and tried to trip her.

"NOOOOOO!" Peach yelled out and kicked the goomba away. Catching all the other Goombas by surprise. Peach froze and looked around. That kick was completely on accident. But another twinge in her bladder quickly reminded her that she needed to leave,NOW! using every ounce of her strength, she sprinted away from the Goombas. And once they got over their shock, they quickly gave chase. Peach hid behind a pillar and took deep breaths. Thankfully for her, the gritty goombas ran right past her. Peach let out a relief sigh but quickly stiffened up as she felt another strong twinge in her bladder. It was clear to her that waiting until they reached the castle was no longer an option.

"Oh! I can't believe i'm doing this twice!" Peach said. She hastily hiked up her dress and then pulled down her panties with one hand. She crouched and looked around to see if it was safe. And once it was clear that there were no goombas nearby.

"OOOOOOOH!.....Ahhhhhh...." Peach relaxed and let out a powerful stream of urine. She tilted her head back and her eyes rolled up. Using the pillar to support herself, she let out another sigh of relief as her bladder continued to evacuate it's urine. Peach looked down and frowned, once again the stream was colored pink.

"Ohhh....i really hope that Chuckola reserve didn't give me some kind of disease..." Peach said as she closed her eyes and relaxed. Hoping that all of this would be over soon. It took a while, but soon her stream came to an end and Peach let out another satisfied sigh. She looked at the puddle again. The size of it once again leaving Peach shocked. Her shock then turned to annoyance as she realized that this time she had nothing to wipe with. Not even a leaf. Peach sighed and pulled up her panties, wincing at the contact her panties made with the wet droplets against her womanhood. Peach stepped away from the pillars and covered her face.

"I can't believe i've done this twice now...."

To be continued.....

*008*2022-06-05 01:41

Final Part:The Castle Visit

The remainder of the walk through Teehee Valley went on without incident to the relief of both Peach and Toadsworth. Peach turned to the bros and blushed. Despite her insistence that they drop the subject, They still seemed to be talking about the puddle that she left behind. She wasn't sure why they were busy theorizing about it. Where they just really bored?

Peach ultimately decided to ignore it and after several more uneventful minutes, they arrived at the Beanbean Castle, where two guards were standing at the entrance.

"Halt! State your purpose!" One of the guards said.

"Princess Peach is here to the the Royals of the Beanbean Kingdom?" Toadsworth asked, wondering if the guards hadn't been notified that they were gonna come here.

"Oh! of course! Princess Peach, she was invited here!" The other guard said. Mario gave a thumbs up and jumped.

"Oh! And the super famous Mario is here too!" The first guard said. Luigi followed up by posing just like his brother.

"And uhh..L-Luigi is here too!" The guard said.

"Umm...Luigi who?" the 2nd guard asked.

"Shh...i have no clue..." The first one replied. Earning a groan from Luigi and an eyeroll from Mario.

"Anyways, come on in! I'm sure the queen and the prince are ecstatic to see you!" one of the guards said.

"Are they?" the second guard whispered.

"Shh...i wouldn't know..." the first one replied.

Peach just let out a sigh and followed the guards. She was thankful the toads back at her castle weren't this clueless.

###

"Queen Bean and Princess Peasley will arrive shortly." One of the guards said, Leaving Peach alone with the Mario Bros and Toadsworth. Peach looked around the hallways of the castle. Other than a few new painting of the royals, not much had changed since her last visit. After a few minutes of waiting, a familiar voice was heard.

"Ah! It is nice to see you again, Princess Peach!" Approaching them was Queen Bean, Prince Peasley and Lady Lima. The two groups approached each other and did their greetings.

"Please, come this way. We have a lot to discuss!" Prince Peasley said. The group arrived at the castle courtyard where a table had been set up with cups of what seemed to be tea. Peach took a seat, with Mario sitting right next to her.

"I'm sure by now you've noticed some of the changes in the kingdom?" Queen Bean asked.

"Indeed. This Kingdom seems to be in much better shape after the Cackletta incident." Peach said. Prince Peasley began talking about how they've been taking steps to improve the Kingdom. The scent of the tea caught Peach's attention. The tea in the cup was green and the aroma was one unfamiliar to her. Peach looked around and saw the Queen and the Prince taking a sip. She didn't feel particularly thirsty right now, but she didn't want to seem rude after they went through the trouble of preparing the tea for her. So she grabbed the cup and took a sip. A satisfied little hum came out of her mouth as she swallowed the tea.

"Do you find it delicious, Princess? Prince Peasley asked.

"It is very tasty. You did a good job with it." Peach replied.

"Thank you, Princess. We made this tea with out finest leaves." Queen Bean replied. Peach kept taking sips from her tea while listening to the royals until her cup was eventually empty.

###

"Now then, let's begin with the meeting. Any matters we should address first?" Queen Bean asked.

"Perhaps we should address the exchange rate between the Beanbean Kingdom and the Mushroom Kingdom." Toadsworth said. Mario and Luigi both pointed at Toadsworth in agreement, having witnessed first hand just how weird it can be.

Peach simply watched as the Queen began discussing things with Toadsworth and Lady Lima. She rested one of her hands on the table and began tapping it, waiting until they needed her input for something. However, several minutes seemed to pass and it seemed like they were now in debating whether or not something could be done about it in the first place. Peach looked at the cup she had drank at the start of the meeting. She hadn't been paying attention to just how many minutes had passed, but there was one thing that did get her attention. A familiar feeling and one that she had felt twice already today.

Part of her thought there might've been something up with the drinks of the Kingdom. Some of the Food and Drinks in this kingdom were known for having weird side effects on those who aren't native to the Kingdom. But another part of her just thought she had been drinking too much of the Kingdoms beverages today. Either way, she was starting to feel the urge to go to the bathroom again.

"Would you be interested in a refill, princess?" Lady Lima asked as she approached Peach's seat.

"Oh umm... no thanks. I'm good." Peach replied. Lady Lima smiled and nodded. She strolled away from the table and left the rest of the royals to continue their talk.

###

The rest of the meeting continued and turned out to be rather uneventful. The Queen would talk about some of the plans she had, the princess would give her input and they would then write it all down. Peach began spacing out and her attention slowly kept drifting back to her bladder. The pressure was once again starting to become a bit of a problem thanks to the tea she drank earlier. She was able to keep her composure and ignore it for the most part, but it did occasionally distract her and made her miss certain point in the meeting. Case and point:

"I see, we will try to keep a look out for it then.." Prince Peasley said.

"I'm sorry, what?" Princess peach asked. Try to keep a look out for what? she wondered.

"A Giant Pink Yoshi." Prince Peasley replied. Peach's expression may have been neutral, but in her mind, she was letting out a very loud groan.

"I've been hearing some rumors about that from the folks in Little Fungitown. They claim to have spotted a giant pink Yoshi resting at the mountains of Yoshi island." Lady Lima said.

"I'm sure it's merely just a rumor that parents spread." Peach replied, wanting this reminder of her mess to end already.

"Maybe, but it never hurts to stay on your toes." Prince Peasley replied.

"Right. Anyways, how about to talk about uhh...the trade? We have found many new items in the Mushroom Kingdom since our last adventure." Princess Peach said, trying to change the subject. Thankfully it seemed to have worked as everyone now had their eyes on her and were waiting for her to elaborate.

###

"How about the Invincishrooms? I'm sure they could be used to give your army the boost they need to fight against those ruffians in the Koopa Kingdom." Queen Bean said.

"I don't know. Last time Master Mario ate an invincishroom, he got sick with Bean fever." Toadsworth said.

"Actually, it turns out-a that the mushroom he ate was actually a Poison-a Mushroom." Luigi replied. Peach stared intently back and forth at the people she was talking too and then back at the empty cup. She crossed her legs under the table and the feeling of worry had once again returned.

With nothing much to distract her,The pressure became increasingly difficult to ignore just like the last two times. However, Peach saw a silver lining this time. She was in a castle. The castle should have plenty of toilets. all she had to do was excuse herself once the meeting was over and she was sure that Queen Bean would be kind enough to allow her to use one.

But now she was starting to wonder, WHEN was this meeting gonna end. Cause she still saw them talking with no end in sight.

"Was it tasty, princess?"

"Huh?" Peach snapped out of her trance.

"Was the Chuckola reserve tasty?" Prince Peasley asked.

"Oh. Yeah. It was delicious. So good i started feeling absolutely joy." Peach replied. She had a feeling she should tell them that it has a chance of making your urine purple, but she did not want to explain to them how she found that out.

"We're glad you like it princess! Maybe we can send some over to your kingdom?" Prince Peasley replied.

"I'm not so sure about this. The state the princess was in after she drank that reminded me of someone under the influence." Toadsworth replied.

The discussion continued, with Peach once again spending most of her time being distracted by the pressure in her bladder.

"Queen Bean! I brought more tea!" Lady Lima said. Queen Bean held up her cup and Lady Lima poured in some tea. Sweat rolled down on Peach's face at the sound and the sight of the tea splashing inside the cup.

###

Just a little longer. Princess Peach thought to herself. Even if she didn't know how long this meeting would last. An hour and a half had passed and the pressure in her bladder was beginning to make this meeting unbearable. She was almost temped to excuse herself now, but was worried she might come across as rude.

But just when she thought things couldn't worse...

"QUEEN BEAN! QUEEN BEAN!" One of the guards ran up to the queen.

"A threat has been spotted in the castle's pipe system." The guard said.

"Oh! What could possibly be down there?" Queen Bean said as she got up and followed the guard. The rest of the group did the same, with Peach getting up last.

However, she only took a few steps before coming to a complete stop. She felt a strong twinge go through her bladder. She took a deep breath and began power walking behind the group.

###

The group soon arrived in the pipe systems of the castle and saw many broken pipes. With many of them shooting out geyser of water. A sight that proved to be torture for Peach's Bladder.

"What a mess! Who could've done this?" Prince Peasley said.

"Waah! Look ovah there!" Luigi said. Everyone looked to where Luigi was pointing. They saw a shadow on the wall. One with big eyes and a big bulbous nose.

"Is that...is-a that Yoob?!" Luigi asked. Mario pulled out his hammer and carefully approached the shadow. He then ran in the direction the bottom of the shadow was stretching from and swung his hammer.

"OW! Boo! Boo i say!" A familiar voice said.

Everyone ran up to where Mario was and saw two figures. One was a beanish thief with a purple mask and a purple shirt. The other wad a giant Koopa. One that could be found all around the Kingdom, blocking the path of travelers.

"I was hoping for Popples big break finally. But no! You two Palooka's just had to show your mustachioed mugs here! Boo i say!" Popple yelled.

"Argh...that hurt..." The koopa said.

"Rookie! Your shadow gave us way! Our mission has been compromised! Popple yelled. He then dug into his pocket and pulled out a smoke bomb.

"But popple has been learning some new techniques,see?! Popple said before throwing the smoke bomb and vanishing.

"Huh?! W-wait!" The giant koopa said upon realizing the thief had left him behind. He turned to see the angry looking group of royals.

"Uhh....i can explain!"

###

"Well,the good news is we managed to capture one of the culprits." Prince Peasley said after putting the Koopa in a cell.

"The bad news is,the pipe system has taken some serious damage and it'll take a while for us to fix it." Prince Peasley said.

"Oh dear. That's gonna be a problem. Hopefully the guards can deal with holding in their needs for a while." The Queen said.

Those words caused Peach's body to be filled with dread. The option to use the toilets had just disappeared thanks to that Koopa and his reckless behavior.

"Thankfully, the Mario Bros are assisting us. And with their expertise, it should be fixed in just a couple of hours." Peasley said.

"A couple of hours?! I can't wait that long!" Peach said as she crossed her legs and clenched her fist.

"Well, we should count our blessings that we have them here." Queen Bean said.

"Umm..." Peach hesitated. The Queen and the prince turned to her.

"Queen Bean. May i have a word with you? In private?" Princess Peach asked. Queen Bean looked confused but decided to listen. She told Prince Peasley to go check on the Mario Bros and the two were left alone.

"Umm...are none of the bathrooms available?" Peach asked.

"With pipes as broken as they are, it's not a good idea to use them." Queen Bean replied.

"O-oh...that's..." Princess Peach hesitated. Queen Bean looked at the princess confused for a bit but then noticed her body language. And that's when she realized.

"Princess Peach? Do you need to umm...visit the throne room?" Queen bean asked. Peach blushed but nodded as she rubbed her tights together. Queen Bean paused and replied.

"Well, it's a bit of an unconventional method. But i think i can help you solve that problem. If you could just follow me." Queen Bean replied.

###

Soon the two Royals arrived at Queen Beans room. It was a short walk and one lift ride away from the throne room. But all the pressure Peach felt with each step made it feel like she was walking for longer than that. She reached under her bed and peach blushed at what she saw.

"I-is that-" Peach said.

"Indeed. A chamber pot." Queen Bean said as she handed Peach the pot. Peach's face turned redder.

"It was pretty commonly used in the early days of the kingdom. Nowadays i only keep it here as a relic." Queen Bean said as she approached the door.

"I shall be waiting outside. Let me know when you are finished." Queen Bean said as she closed the door. Peach looked back and forth at the pot and the door. Peach sighed as she was once again forced to pee somewhere unconventional. But hey, at least it's....kind of an actual toilet. The lifted her dress and looked at the door. Despite Queen Bean standing outside, she still didn't want to take any chances. She then pulled down her panties and stepped out of them. She lifted up and draped her dress and stood over the potty. She took a deep breath and after a few seconds of silence, the silence was quickly replaced by the sound of a loud splatter. Peach let out a sigh as a stream of urine flowed out of her body and landed in the pot below.

Peach lowered her head and let out another sigh as she continued to empty her bladder. She looked between her legs and she had a relieved smile on her face. Her pee was no longer purple. Instead it was colorless, as you'd expect from someone who was hydrated. After a while, the stream completely stopped and Peach let out one final sigh.

"Umm...Queen Bean? Do you have any tissues?" Princess Peach asked.

"I keep some on my desk!" Queen Bean replied. Peach turned around and saw the box of tissues the needed. She took some and wiped herself clean before tossing the paper in the pot. She put her panties on and dropped her dress. She exited the room and looked at Queen Bean.

"I'm so sorry about this." Peach said.

"No need to apologize princess. when nature calls, you have to answer. Ha ha ha..." Queen Bean chuckled. Causing Peach to turn redder.

"Seriously, you shouldn't be ashamed dear. I've had plenty of moments where i've been forced to hold it for long periods of time." Queen bean tried to reassure her.

"What's gonna happen to the chamber pot?" Peach asked.

"Don't worry about it. I'll take care of it." Queen bean replied with a smile.

###

The moon had risen to the sky and Peach and her group were now standing in front of a plane.

"I hope you enjoyed your day today here, Princess! We hope to see you again soon!" Queen Bean said. Princess Peach and the others boarded the plane and waved the royals good bye. In just a few minutes, the plane had taken flight and everyone had taken a seat.

"Well, that was-a fun. Shame we never found-a yoob tho..." Luigi said.

"Perhaps the princess was right. Maybe it is just a rumor. It was completely inactive on Yoshi's island last time you guys saw it, right?" Toadsworth asked. With Mario nodding.

"That Koopa really had us for a second with his shadow. But if it's-a not Yoob, who could've caused those weird puddles?" Luigi asked. Mario shrugged and rested his head against his hand.

"Mamamia. I guess we'll never know..." Luigi replied with a sigh.

Peach let out a sigh and starred out of the window. Hopefully they would forget about all of this once they returned to the Mushroom Kingdom. She enjoyed returning to the Beanbean Kingdom and she wouldn't mind visiting again. She just had to make sure keep the Chuckola reserve to a minimum.

"This has been quite the...interesting day." Peach said as she stared at the clouds moving past her.

The end.....

