A Wet After Party

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-05-16 14:12

I was inspired to write today...

Chapter 1: Sipping

I was scrolling through my Instagram, one hand holding my phone, the other holding my second cup of coffee which I sipped every five seconds. I needed to stay awake for today's party. It was my best friend, Annabelle's birthday party and she loved everything about horror. Which is why tonight's party was going to be horror themed of course. She always bragged about how she "meant to be a horror lover" because her name is Annabelle which is the name of the famously haunted doll. I giggled remembering her saying it. My phone vibrated as I got a text from her.

"Not to brag or anything, but this will be the best party ever." It read. And I knew she wasn't lying. Annabelle is, without doubt, the most EXTRA person I have ever met. In fact, I heard she was bringing a taco truck and a band. Yeah, I wasn't kidding when I said she was extra. I checked the time. Shoot. I've been in this coffee shop for a whole hour. I got up and ran to the car. I had a bunch of shopping to do and I needed to get ready.

I jammed my car key in and jumped into the front seat. I started driving full speed. I have three hours to get ready because the party was being held 40 minutes from where I live. I finally got there and started running down the allies like an insane person, grabbing everything I found cute and could possibly fit me. I started running to the dressing room. I better hurry, I need to hurry And then BAM! I ran into a lady and made her fall over...which made the huge basket of hangers behind her fall over. The lady looked at me. She clearly had her lips done and a really bad botox. "Oh I'm so-" I started.

"Excuse me! Would you like to watch where you are going? Maybe that would solve our problems here!"

"I'm so sorry."

"You should be. And I'm not picking those up," she said as she looked over at the pile of hangers. One of the workers started walking towards us.

"Ladies, is there a problem here?" she asked.

"I-" but before I had a chance to answer, the botox bitch decided to handle things on her own.

"Yes," She replied. "This rude girl bumped into me and dropped all of these hangers. I will not be picking them up, because I'm not responsible."

"Look, I'll them up. I'm sorry. It was an accident." I told her. The woman nodded.

"And are you hurt?" she asked the botox bi- I mean...the other lady.

"Not too much but it doesn't make what she did any less rude" she complained. Jeez, get over it. I simply WALKED away to the dressing room and tried my clothes on until (finally) finding the perfect outfit. I ran to the- WALKED, I MEAN WALKED to the register. Okay, it was a pretty expensive outfit, but worth it. Ripped jeans, fish nets under, a grey crop top that says "IDK", a black varsity jacket, and black trendy boots. I walked over to the bathroom because the coffee was bothering my bladder. I entered the girls' bathroom but it was too crowded. A horde of girls bending down and moaning. I walked out and drove back home to get ready for the best part ever.

Chapter 2: A Tingle

So I get to the party and honestly, this is the best party I had ever seen. I mean...it had just everything. Great music, loud speakers, a DJ, food trucks, and horror-themed decorations and games.

"Hey!" Annabelle yelled over to me. She came running up to.

"Aye girl!"

"What do you think?" she says looking over to the huge party.

"Amazing. I'm speechless." I laugh. "I thought there would be more people?"

"Yeah. You're actually kind of early. Rest are on their way." She says walking over to a table just FULL of drinks and takes a shot. "Ohh!" she says quickly swallowing her drink. "What do you think about the decor?' she said, giving me weird shoulder dance.

"Perfect." I smile at her. "Everything about this party will be perfect." Annabelle laughed.

"Yes!!!! I was hoping you would say that. I don't want to be hosting a lame party." She sure didn't. She snaps up at the DJ. "LOUDER" she laughs.

So about 40 minutes later, everyone came. This party was PACKED. Hordes and hordes of people dancing, twerking, drinking, singing, yelling. It was insane. The music was so loud that one point, I felt my bladder start to tingle. The coffee from earlier was really kicking in. I walked over to Annabelle. "Where is the bathroom?!" I yelled over to her.

"WHAT?!" she yells.

"WHERE. IS. THE. BATHROOM?!"

"OH. I DON'T KNOW. SHOULD HAVE CHECKED BEFORE RENTING THIS PLACE!" I'm not too desperate and I have a big bladder. I walked over to the drinks. Might as well have the time of my life. One shot down. Two shots down. Three shots down. I did seven shots as others were cheering me on.

"DRINK! DRINK! DRINK!"

I walked over, pretty drunk. BOOM! A fake clown scares the shit out me. "FUCK!" I yell as laughing. Others laughed. But I stopped laughing the moment I felt wet between my legs. I quickly wiped it with a tissue when nobody was looking. I could use a toilet right now. I started to dance with Annabelle and her friends, ignoring the light wetness of my underwear. Annabelle got down on the dance floor and started twerking hardcore. I laughed knowing that she was VERY drunk. She started to loudly (and terribly) sing along to the music. I couldn't help laughing. Annabelle drunk is just so funny. My laughing got out of control as I started dripping a lot. I realized what I was doing and ran out. I got to the backyard of the place where a couple people were dancing and yelling. I hid behind a bush and started wiping myself. I could have peed right there but I thought it would be too risky. I didn't want people to see me. I saw Annabelle run out.

"Jazmine!" she called out. (that's me).

"Hey," I said walking out from the bush, pretending as if nothing had happened like I wasn't in desperate need of a bathroom.

"Where were you?" she asked.

"Needed some fresh air," I told her. She raised her eyebrows at me. I could tell she knew that wasn't the reason I was there. "Fine," I pulled her to the back where very there weren't as many people. Maybe, two couples making out, but nothing much. And that's where I told her, "I really n-"

Well, ALMOST told her. But then Rae came in. "THERE YOU ARE! We were looking for you, come on, come dance." So Annabelle ran over to her.

"Yas!" screamed Annabelle. She ran over to her as they headed to the party.

"Aren't you coming, Jazmine?" Rae asked me. I knew that I was extremely desperate but I also wanted to have the time of my life.

"Coming!" I yelled over to her. so we got in. We danced and yelled and laughed insanely. I twerked like I had never twerked before. After about two a hours, I had forgotten about my desperation so thinking, why not, I took a bunch more shots. And an hour after THAT, lots of people had already left considering it was the in the morning, I saw Annabelle walking over to me.

"I have an idea..." I could tell she was up to something. "I know where there is a REAL haunted house, its abandoned too." she smiled that smile she always gives whenever she was up to no good. "Let's go there..."

Chapter 3: Regret

So yes, we got in the backseat of Annabelle's car and started driving to wherever this house was. It was only me, Annabelle, Rae, Rae boyfriend, Alex, and Jonah who was another one of my best friends. We drove for only about 20 minutes and got out of the car. That's where I realised I was sober enough to know this idea was probably not the best. But everyone seemed excited, I didn't want to be a buzzkill. Besides, everyone was a slight bit sober at this point, so what could go wrong? The house was huge, nasty, and had cracked windows. We got in and started waling. The floors creaked as we walked on them. There were spider webs all over and it was dusty. It was like one of those houses you would see only in horror movies. Everything was going okay actually. We were taking photos of the place, keeping quiet. We didn't want to get caught.

After thirty minutes of being in this place, everything went bad. We heard a noise in the distance. Everyone paused. We heard a loud scream and then banging on the door. Rae started panicking, we all did. Soon we all ran to the highest floor of the house. This place had about five floors or six. Point is, it was a pretty big house. Rae, Alex, and Jonah got into the kitchen to hide. Me and Annabelle weren't able to stay in the kitchen because it wasn't big enough so we went to another room and shut the door.

"Shit," Annabelle whispered. I was about to reply before it happened. A rush ran through my body and I needed to pee. Bad. My desperation level went from two to ten in a couple seconds. I let out a moan and my hands flew towards in crotch. "Are you okay?" she whispered to me.

"Yes," I replied. Except I obviously wasn't' really okay. My bladder was about to burst. My knees were stuck together as me and Annabelle sat on the dusty floor. She was talking about-I don't even know. Some smart shit to try to get us out. I was busy making sure I'm not going to make a mess all over. Words couldn't describe my desperation. It felt like it was all going to come out at no minute. I bit my lip. About ten minutes passed. Felt much longer when you have a shit ton of liquid in your bladder. I started to dribble. I squeezed harder and bit my lip harder.

"Jazmine, are you SURE you are okay?"

"To tell you the truth I really am not. I have to pee so bad." I let out a moan. "It's gonna....come-ah-ah-I need...AH!" I moaned for a couple seconds before talking again, Annabelle kept telling me to take my time. "Annabelle....I'm gonna pee....eh....here...okay....whoo." I started unbuttoning my pants.

"Its okay, let it out," she told me. And that's when we heard outside the door. "COME ON LET'S GET OUT OF HERE! THERE'S NO SIGN OF MURDER. LET'S GO BEFORE WHOEVER THAT WAS COMES BACK." It was Jonah. I quickly buttoned my pants and did my best effort to get up. I ran out. We all ran out of that house as fast as we could, we got in the car, and Annabelle started driving really fast. She dropped everyone back at her house where they will proceed to walk to their own house or get a ride. Annabelle drove me to my house, knowing I could burst any minute now. But every few seconds I felt my desperation getting even worse.

Chapter 4: Soaked

We got there, a couple leaks but it was still good enough. I grabbed the key, thanked Annabelle, and ran inside, jamming the key. I finally got in, locked the door, once again jamming the key and missing. Finally, I ran upstairs to my room, unbuttoning my jeans as I got there. I got inside the room and removed my jeans and my jacket, leaving only my shirt and fishnets on. It was unstoppable, hot piss started running down my ass, dribbling in between my thighs. I panicked and tried to stop it but I couldn't. My bladder was large, so letting that out heaven.

I moaned lightly. It was embarrassing but I was by myself. I accepted the fact I can't stop it so I let it fall instead. I sat in my fishnets were dripping. I was still going I removed my heals I poured out the pee inside it. I looked down at the yellow ocean I had created-was creating because it was still going. Thirty seconds later I got up. I had finally finished. I smelt like urine. The underwear from inside my fishnets dripped continuously. I looked down at the mess I made. I spend the next hour cleaning everything. And thats when I developed a new fetish...

*001*2018-05-16 14:23

So many mistakes I'm sorry!

*003*2018-05-28 12:11

{{On 5/16/2018 at 8:13 AM, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story

}}

Thanks :)

