Valerie 9: A Midsummer Night's Dream

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-05-16 10:30

And now a piece of nonsense something to have Shakespeare revolving in his grave:

A Midsummer Night's Dream

"Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania!"

Walking at night through the grounds of the Tuscan villa I had come upon a circular paved opening in the trees that I could not remember having seen before. A folly resembling an ancient Greek temple stood at its centre. To my surprise I saw Angela sitting in the temple, wearing a classically-styled full-length dress and some kind of coronet in her auburn hair.

Equally oddly, Peter was dressed in the robes of an Athenian nobleman as he confronted her. I drew back into the shadows - if my hosts were having an argument I did not want to intrude.

"What, jealous Oberon! Fairies, skip hence:

I have forsworn his bed and company."

Titania - or was it Angela? - rose and swept away followed, it seemed, by some shadowy figures. Oberon/Peter muttered:

"Well, go thy way: thou shalt not from this grove

Till I torment thee for this injury!"

Then, more loudly:

"My gentle Puck, come hither."

Instantly, Amanda appeared beside him. She was wearing a short, diaphanous dress through which the moonlight showed the silhouette of her body to considerable advantage. She also appeared to be having great difficulty standing still. Oberon commanded her:

"Fetch me that flower: the herb I shew'd you once

That maidens all call love-in-idleness

The juice of it on sleeping eyelids laid

Will make Titania waking madly dote

Upon the next live creature that she sees."

Puck/Amanda looked imploringly at him:

"Please, captain of our fairy band

I'll seek your flower throughout the land

But may I squat down over there

Before I wet my underwear?"

Oberon did not seem to hear her:

"Depart now, instantly, make no delay

This business must be done ere break of day."

Puck disappeared. A short time later she reappeared, holding a small bunch of wild flowers.

"Welcome, wanderer. Hast thou the flower there?

Seek out Titania when she is asleep

And drop the liquor of it in her eyes."

Puck thrust her free hand under her dress and held herself tightly, jigging up and down and pleading:

"I crave relief before I go!

My maiden brook may overflow

With liquid gold; hearken to me

My shadow lord, I need a wee!"

Once again, Oberon seemed too preoccupied to pay any attention to her plea.

"And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow."

Looking desperate but not daring to disobey, Puck meekly replied:

"Fear not, my lord, your servant shall do so"

She disappeared.

Totally unable to make sense of what I had seen and not sure where I was in the villa's grounds, I followed the path that Angela/Titania had taken. A short distance away I saw her in the moonlight, asleep on a bank of wild thyme and woodland flowers. Puck had her back to me and was gently placing a drop of liquid on each of Titania's eyelids as she slept.

A twig snapped under my foot with a sharp crack. Puck jumped with shock and started to wet herself. As pee flowed uncontrollably down her legs and splashed to the ground between her bare feet she pointed a finger at me, her eyes flashing with fury:

"Mortal, thou hast seen that which thou should'st not!"

With that, she disappeared in a shower of golden droplets.

A strange feeling came over me, as though my head was changing shape. However my chief thought was that I could not remember the last time I had had any hay to eat. Surprising, really, because it is my favourite food.

Titania stirred, opened her eyes and looked at me with devotion:

"What angel wakes me from my flowery bed?

Come, sit thee down while I thy cheeks do coy

And stick musk-roses in thy sleek smooth head

And kiss thy fair large ears, my gentle joy."

"If I had wit enough to get out of this wood..." I started to say. Suddenly I caught a sense of unimaginable supernatural power.

"Out of this wood do not desire to go!

Thou shalt remain here, whether thou wilt or no.

I will light night-tapers with glow-worm's eyes

To have my love to bed and to arise!"

"Hee-haw" I replied. It was the only thing I could think of to say.

It was all a bit of a blur after that. Before I fell into a deep sleep I can vaguely remember Titania/Angela - saying something about the female ivy enringing something or other that had arisen but I really cannot recollect the details.

It was morning and the sun was shining brightly when I was woken by the arrival of Oberon and Puck. Oberon touched Titania's eyelids, saying:

"Your dotage now I do begin to pity.

Now, my Titania; wake you my sweet queen."

Titania opened her eyes and gazed uncomprehendingly at him:

"My Oberon! What visions I have seen!

Methought I was enamour'd of an ass."

Oberon indicated me:

"There lies your love"

Titania looked appalled:

"How came these things to pass?

O how mine eyes do loathe his visage now!"

They walked off, arm in arm. They seemed to have forgotten their quarrel but nevertheless I had the feeling that Oberon would have some explaining to do. Amanda handed me a mirror. I saw the huge head of an ass where my own face should be.

"And the next time you startle me into wetting my knickers you can bloody well stay a donkey!" she warned me as my head returned to its usual shape.

###

In the pre-dawn light I could just make out the familiar surroundings of our bedroom at the Tuscan villa. Valerie was snuggled up beside me, both of us naked beneath a sheet in the warm night. I had had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was....

Realising that I urgently needed to pee, I gently disentangled myself from Valerie, swung my legs out from under the sheet and padded over to the open balcony doors.

As I stood pissing through the railings with great relief, Valerie joined me. She crouched down and a stream of pee splashed on to the balcony floor beneath her. She looked up at me and said "Whatever you were dreaming about just now, you seemed to be enjoying it. You were talking in your sleep!"

As she stood up she added "Who the hell is Titania?"

*002*2018-05-16 12:57

{{1 hour ago, Dealer said:

Well, I don't know where to start with... I love this chapter, despite being completely distant and different from the serie. I can see your hard work behind this and the difficulty of rhyming every single dialogue during the dream. Furthermore, it's not something I usually read here on Omo.org and it pleased me a lot. Shakespeare is one of my favourite author in English literature and your homage to him is so well explained and written that I feel obliged not only to upvote you once, but twice or three times if it was possible.

Thanks again for this wonderful story, I adore the Valerie serie.

}}

Thank you. I only hope that nobody in the Shakespeare Society visits this website!

