Valerie 14 - Palio

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-07-14 08:19

"I need a wee!" Amanda announced.

For the last three hours we had been standing in searing heat iat the centre of Siena's Piazza del Campo, tightly packed into a crowd of many thousands of spectators, hoping for a glimpse of a horse race that would last less than two minutes. The start of that race was still another hour away.

Peter, the girls' father, had flown in from London for a few days at the family's Tuscan villa and he and his wife Angela, Valerie and myself, Emily and Jack and Amanda and Callum had spent the day in Siena, absorbing the excitement of the Palio.

The Palio di Siena is no ordinary race meeting, nor is it an event organised with tourists in mind. In a tradition that goes back to the 1600s, ten of the city's "Contrade" (districts) compete in a frantic and lawless bareback scramble of horses and riders making three laps of the Piazza del Campo, the city's central square. Passion and rivalry are intense and bribery, betrayal, guile and rule-breaking are all considered fair game. The riders' crops, rumoured to be cured and distended bull's penises, are used as much to assault other jockeys as to encourage their own horses. Falls and spills are inevitable occurrences and a horse can win the race even if its rider is no longer on board.

That morning, knowing that every parking space in the city would have long since been taken, we had parked Peter's hire car and the battered old Fiat runabout some distance out of town and walked for two miles through the city's crowded, narrow, medieval streets of pink stone, each district proudly flying its contrada colours from every door and window. By some miracle Peter had managed to book a restaurant table and we had had a long and very enjoyable lunch, washed down with a little wine and plenty of mineral water - the afternoon was going to be hot.

We were each wearing the colours of our chosen contrada. In honour of the little bronze statue of Ondine in the grounds of the Tuscan villa, Valerie had paired her classic white summer dress with a headscarf in the sky blue and white of the Onda (Wave) district. I wore an Aquila (Eagle) t-shirt that I thought made me look rather dashing until Valerie pointed out that Aquila was known as the "nonna" (granny) district because it had not won the race for so many years.

On a previous visit to the city, Emily and Amanda had been bothered by over-attentive Sienese young men so instead of her usual miniskirt Amanda had opted for a cool, white cotton blouse and denim shorts that emphasised her long, tanned and flawlessly-shaped legs, her honey-coloured hair tied in a ponytail and topped with a dark blue cap bearing the scallop shell badge of the Nicchio (Seashell) contrada. Callum could hardly take his eyes off her.

Emily's wine-red tailored shorts and white crop shirt were topped by a red and black Civetta (Little Owl) scarf. With the dark wavy hair she had inherited from Peter she looked, as ever, stunningly beautiful.

Palio spectators - or at least those ordinary citizens who have not booked months in advance and paid anything up to 350 euros for a seat on a wooden bench in front of one of the bars and restaurants that line the square - crowd on to a standing area in the centre of the racecourse. The course is cleared of pedestrians long before the race starts to prepare for the Corteo Storico ceremonial pageant and from that time there is no way off the central island - and there are no toilet facilities on it.

"I'm bursting!" Amanda insisted, jigging restlessly from foot to foot for emphasis as a squad of mounted carabinieri made a dramatic charge round the racetrack.

"Trust you, Amanda!" replied her father, raising his eyes to heaven in mock exasperation. "But you're going to have to wait I'm afraid. They've closed off the square now so you won't be able to go anywhere until after the race. And even then I'm not sure where you're going to find a loo, especially as about fifty thousand other people are going to be looking for one at the same time."

"Actually, Amanda's not the only one" said Emily quietly. "And I don't think I am going to be able to wait much longer."

Normally, this would not have presented too much of a problem as Angela and her three daughters would often wet themselves discreetly when no toilet was available and usually wore skirts or dresses to make this easier. However discretion was hardly an option in this tightly-packed crowd. A puddle would be obvious and could well spread under other spectators' feet. And today, both girls were wearing shorts so an accident would be all too obvious.

The great bell in the Torre del Mangia began to toll and the Corteo Storico historical pageant of some 700 people in medieval costume, commemorating the time when Siena was a rich and powerful city-state, entered the square and began to parade round the racetrack, each of the 17 Contrade in their own colours.

Her legs squeezed tightly together, Emily began to cry. "I'm going to wet myself in front of all these people!" she murmured in distress as Jack put a protective arm round her.

I bent down and took a litre bottle of water out of my backpack, removed the lid and then let it slip from my hand as I started to drink. Water gushed out over the herringbone-patterned brick pavement. There was ribald laughter and comments of "maldestro" and "ubriaco" from the crowd around us as I clumsily stood on the bottle whilst trying to regain my feet. I stepped aside.

Recognising my plan, Jack put his hands on Emily's hips and gently guided her into the spot I had vacated, then stood protectively close behind her.. "OK guys, circle time!" he said quietly. We all gathered round.

"Thank you" Emily whispered to me.

She stood still in the middle of the tight circle we had made round her and let go. Pee flowed silently down her legs but the already huge patch on the paving did not change noticeably as most of the extra liquid disappeared into cracks between the herringbone-patterned bricks that made up the surface of the square.

When she had finished Amanda murmured "Me next, please - quick!" Watching Emily's relief, she had started to wet her shorts.

"Welcome to the magic circle!" said Callum, taking up station behind Amanda with his hands on her hips. The dark patch of wetness between her legs expanded up the front and rear of her denim shorts and pee streamed down the insides of her bare legs. Some quirk of the shape of her shorts prevented the silent flow Emily had achieved and I was aware of the sound of pee splashing on the pavement beneath her feet. Luckily, all eyes in the crowd was on a spectacular flag-throwing competition between the seventeen contrade stationed around the racetrack and nobody outside our group seemed aware of what was happening right beside them.

So far, so good. But we now had two beautiful girls who had very obviously wet themselves and they could well attract unwelcome attention as we walked back to our cars through streets thronged with excited, competitive, alcohol-fuelled and testosterone-charged partygoers.

Amanda's was the worse case. Although Emily's dark red shorts showed clear evidence of a wetting they had not changed colour to the same extent as Amanda's pale blue faded denim. Once again I rummaged in my backpack, produced the sweater I had worn in the cool of early morning and offered it to Amanda to tie round her waist behind her. That at least covered one angle.

"Maybe this will teach you girls to plan ahead!" said Angela, in a self-satisfied voice.

"Mummy - you've....!" Valerie exclaimed, then broke off.

Angela was wearing a full-length kaftan sundress with an elaborate black and white pattern. Around her shoulders she wore a large shawl in the black and white of the Lupa (She-wolf) contrada. There was a tiny puddle between her feet.

"I've been letting it out bit by bit for some time. In the right clothes, as long as you don't suddenly release a flood, nobody notices." She took off her Lupa shawl and tied it protectively round Emily's slim waist. "We'd better swap loyalties for the rest of the day, you and I." Emily untied her Civetta scarf and handed it to her mother.

Birds scattered in alarm as a loud explosion signalled that the race was about to begin. Nine of the horses and riders assembled behind a rope stretched across the racetrack. The race would start - theoretically - when the tenth rider galloped his horse towards the starting line. Horses and riders jostled for position behind the rope with much taunting, catcalling and offers of bribes. Finally, after several false starts, re-groupings and re-starts, the race was on!

The ten horses and riders thundered past us, leaning in to the sharp corner ahead. The crowd roared and all heads followed the progress of the riders on the first of their three laps. As she watched the race, Valerie parted her legs slightly. A stream fell from beneath her dress and splashed on to the brick paving between her sandals.

Horses and riders swept past us a second time, the crowd shouting and screaming encouragement to their contrada and curses and catcalls to their rivals. Valerie continued to wet her knickers beneath her dress in full view of, but completely un-noticed by, thousands of spectators.

On the third lap, the horses and riders were more spaced out with the Draco contrada's horse clearly in the lead. The crowd went wild. Valerie, demure and pretty in her pristine white dress, resumed her normal stance and gave me a cheeky grin.

Stewards removed the barriers and the excited crowd spilled on to the racecourse, some to throng round the horse and rider of their own contrada, others making their way to the street parties in each district that would continue long into the night.

We formed ourselves into a tight group with Emily and Amanda in the middle and threaded our way through the revellers that thronged the streets. As we passed the winning jockey, standing beside his horse in the middle of a crowd of ecstatic Draco supporters, we noticed that he was swigging red wine from a baby's bottle. "Apparently, it symbolises re-birth" explained Peter.

Luckily both girls had dried off to some extent, daylight was fading and, apart from the occasional street lamp and light spilling out from crowded and noisy restaurants and bars, the narrow medieval streets were fairly dark so we managed the two-mile walk back to the cars without incident or embarrassment. I was beginning to feel the pressure myself as I had not had a pee for several hours and I imagined that the other men were feeling much the same.

A short distance out of town Peter swung his car into a deserted lay-by - I could guess why. I followed him in. As Peter, Jack, Callum and I stood in a row, four jets of piss arcing into the undergrowth at the edge of the lay-by, there was a sudden flash of blinding light.

"That's one for the album!" said Valerie, looking with satisfaction at the image on her phone camera.

