A Koopa's Strong Hold (Wendy O. Koopa)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-09-29 15:31

Story suggested by @Omo luna

"*Yawn* why did they have to wake me up so early? A Koopa needs her beauty sleep!" the sole female Koopaling complained. She arrived at the castle balcony where some of her fellow Koopalings were overseeing a few minions alongside Kamek. Ludwig turned towards Wendy.

"Well,Well,Well....You're late,Again." Ludwig said.

"Hey! A Koopa gotta-"

"-Get her beauty sleep. We know. You say that every time." Iggy said.

"We don't have time for "beauty sleeps",Wendy! Lord Bowser will be on your tail if you keep being late like this!" Kamek said.

"Yeah,yeah! I know. What are we doing today anyways?" Wendy asked.

"We need training! We have long day ahead of us!" Morton said. "Master Junior is waiting! I will go!" With all of that being said,Morton left the group of Koopalings.

"As for you Wendy,You'll be in charge of checking up on the minions!" Kamek said.

"The rest of you will focus on loading the airships. Now go!" Kamek said. The remaining Koopaling saluted Kamek and used their wands to disappear from sight. Wendy simply shrugged and walked away.

"Hopefully after all of this i'll be able to get some proper me time." Wendy said to herself. Just then,she felt something collide with the back of her shell. She turned around and saw a few sparkles surrounding her body. Once those sparkles disappeared,She saw Kamek standing there aiming his wand at her.

"Hey! What gives?!" Wendy asked annoyed.

"Well. You've been incredibly tardy the past few days." Kamek responded.

"Okay and? Why did you just blast me like that?" Wendy asked.

"As punishment. I have placed a little curse on you." Kamek said.

"Curse?! What curse?!" Wendy asked.

"It's a little curse i've been practicing for a few days. You'll see its effects in due time." Kamek said before disappearing.

"H-Hey! Get back here!" Wendy yelled. However,nothing happened. Wendy growled and stomped away from the balcony.

"Whatever. I don't have time for this!" Wendy said to none in particular.

###

Wendy eventually arrived at the castle courtyard,Where multiple members of the Koopa Troop were training. Wendy locked her eyes onto the goombas and snickered.

"Man. Why does Lord Bowser even keep these low level minions around? He already has us! The Koopalings!" Wendy said. She sat down and kept her eyes on the minions. Eventually she got so bored that she began spacing out.

"Miss Wendy?"

Wendy opened her eyes and saw a Goomba and a Shy Guy standing there.

"Would you mind settling a debate for us?" The Goomba asked. Wendy sighed in annoyance.

"Are you idiots still going with the stupid Shy Guy vs Goomba debate? I told you all already,you're both equally worthless! Now scram!" Wendy said while shooing the two minions away. She then went back to closing her eyes,when suddenly she felt a slight twinge in her body. She once again got annoyed. She didn't have time to take care of business because of the minions constantly rushing her.

"Eh. I can ignore it. I don't have to go that badly." Wendy said to herself.

###

"Miss Wendy....Miss Wendy!"

Wendy groaned and looked at the minion that had awoken her from her slumber.

"We're having some trouble with the Minions near Lemmy's Airship and we were wondering if you could help." A koopa said. Wendy got up and yet out the umpteenth sigh this morning. She didn't know how much time had passed but boy,did it feel like a lot.

"I wonder when Lord Bowser will allow us to finally take a break." Wendy asked herself. She and the Koopa continued with their uneventful walk through the castle courtyard. With nothing to distract her,Her attention was taken by another twinge in her body,this one slightly stronger than the last. But despite this, she once again ignored it. Soon,Wendy and the Koopa arrived at a fence. And upon looking below,Wendy saw multiple goombas running around wildly.

"This is what you guys are having trouble with?" Wendy asked condescendingly. She then spun the rings around her arms and started shooting multiple bigger rings. The rings warped around the fleeing goombas and caused them all to fall over.

"There! Problem solved." Wendy said.

"Excellent job,Miss Wendy!" The Koopa said. The Koopa than ran off to help his fellow koopas calm the Goombas down. Wendy just strutted away from it all and went to look for something else to do. She could still feel her bladder bothering her,but it was still a slight pressure and Wendy didn't feel like going to the bathroom just for a small tinkle.

###

The next few hours were incredibly uneventful. She just spent most of her time looking around and keeping an eye on the minions. And she occasionally stepped in if they did something wrong. Now she was sitting on top of barrel,Once again waiting for something to happen.

"Ugh. Why do they even need me here?" Wendy complained.

"ATTENTION TO ALL THE MEMBERS OF THE KOOPA TROOP! LORD BOWSER WANTS EVERYONE TO GATHER IN FRONT OF THE CASTLE! MOVE IT,NOW!" A voice in the speakers said.

Wendy jumped off the barrel and went to check on the castle front. Once again,the lack of distractions made the pressure in her bladder more noticeable. Wendy contemplated using the bathroom,but she was not in the mood to hear Kamek complain about her being late again.

"Come to think of it. I still don't see what that spell did...." Wendy said while inspecting her body. "Maybe he was just bluffing. But then again,He's one of the strongest Magikoopas in the entire Koopa Troop so...." With yet another sigh,Wendy continued with her walk until she eventually arrived at the front of the castle where multiple troops boarding the Airships. Among those airships was one with her face at the front. She approached it and saw that multiple enemies were waiting for her.

"Ah,Miss Wendy! You're here! We're ready to depart!" One of the Koopas said.

"Good! Let's head out already!" Wendy said as she entered her ship. She could hear the footsteps of all the other Koopas marching behind her.

###

A fleet of Koopaling airships were visible in the sky. Wendy was currently piloting her ship while the rest of her crew. She looked out of the window and saw nothing but a few airships and the occasional flock of birds. Once again,her attention had returned to her bladder. the pressure had gotten stronger with all the time that had passed and with nothing to distract her,she was having some trouble ignoring it. But despite her bladder nagging her,she stayed behind the wheel and waited for time to pass. after what felt like forever,Wendy heard an announcement in the intercom.

"ATTENTION TO ALL TROOPS! PEACH'S CASTLE HAS BEEN SIGHTED! PREPARE FOR ATTACK!"

Most of Wendy's crew immediately went their battle stations while Wendy stayed behind to control the ship. After a few more minutes,they were near Peach's castle and began firing at it. Wendy watched as most of her crew jumped off and raided the castle. Wendy looked for a spot to land her ship,allowing the troops without a parachute to safely make their way to the castle. Wendy stopped in front of the ships balcony and began summoning the same rings she had used on those goombas earlier. She then watched as all those rings captured all the toads that were trying to defend the castle. She almost enjoyed all the chaos she was causing,But pressure that was building up inside of her prevented her from completely enjoying it. Wendy crossed her legs in an attempt to ease the pressure and fired more of those rings.

After a successful castle raid, the airships were once again airborne. Wendy was back behind the ships wheel while her minions were busy putting the captured toads in the ships prisons. Now she was able to move on to her next task: hiding the Power Star she had collected from Peach's Castle and then bring the toads to Bowser's lair. But Wendy once again turned her attention over to her bladder. The pressure was getting increasingly more bothersome, but Wendy didn't feel her bladder was so full that it warranted a bathroom break this instant.

"Miss Wendy,we found a suitable place to hide the Power Stars!" One Koopa said while showing her the map.

"Sparkling Waters,huh?" Wendy said as she looked at the map. A beach. a place filled with water. Not something she was in the mood to see with her current predicament,but she also figured that underwater would be the best place to hide the stars.

"Alright! We'll be heading there then." Wendy said.

After a few more minutes of travel,Wendy's crew arrived at the Sparkling Waters. The crew wasted no time diving into the water below. Something that made Wendy's bladder send signals to her once again.

"Wouldn't it be fun to swim in those waters,Miss Wendy?" A Koopa said.

"Don't be ridiculous! We don't have time to goof off! This is why Mario always beats you guys!" Wendy responded. Though truth be told,she usually would be down for a little swim. But she wanted to get this mission over with already so that she could go back to her room.

.....and to take care of the pressure in her bladder that was still nagging her.

After what seemed like a few hours,all the crewmembers returned to wendy's ship and they all soon took off. Wendy was once again behind the wheel with nothing to distract her. The troops weren't making a whole lot of noise and the only thing she saw outside once again were clouds. There was only one thing distracting her right now: her need to pee. Wendy used one of her hands to try and ease the pressure a little. They still had to travel a while in order to reach Bowser's castle,so Wendy decided now would be a good time to visit the little Koopa's room. She called one of the Koopa's over and told them to pilot the ship while she was gone.

"Where are you going,Miss Wendy?" the Koopa asked.

"I'm just gonna check up on something. Be right back!" Wendy said. The minions didn't need to know she was gonna use the bathroom right now. She made her way through the ships hallway and soon arrived at 3 doors. One had a drawing of a male figure,one of a female and the giant door in the middle had a drawing of Wendy. She opened the door and closed it behind her. She turned around and the sight of the toilet made her the happiest she had been today. She approached the toilet,ready to take care of business. When suddenly.

*SPLASH* *SNAP*

"EEEK! WHAT THE SHELL?!" Wendy yelled. A Piranha plant had just come out of the toilet and began snapping at her. Wendy summoned one of her rings and used it to strangle the plant until it passed out. However,the plant still remained there in the toilet. Wendy slowly backed out of the bathroom and closed the door.

"Oooookay?....Maybe if i try.." Wendy said as she entered the ladies room. However,she was immediately greeted by the sight of multiple piranha plants crawling out of the stalls. She closed the door behind her and groaned.

"Ugh..i thought those piranha plants only stayed in sewer pipes!" Wendy said. She reluctantly returned to the wheel and went back to piloting the ship. She was so gonna try to get a magikoopa to fix this when she returned to the....

"Wait a second..." That's when Wendy realized it.

"No...No! No way! THIS IS THE CURSE?!" Wendy thought to herself.

###

It had been a rather agonizing trip,but eventually they returned to the castle. The Koopas began transporting the toads from Wendy's airship inside Bowser's castle while Wendy continued to oversee them. Now she had her legs crossed and her fists clenched. Her bladder was very full right now and she was starting to have trouble focusing. After all the toads made it inside the castle. She quickly made her way to the nearest restroom and entered it. But to her horror,the same thing that had happened; Multiple piranha plants appeared out of the toilets. She stormed out of the bathroom and began looking for the culprit.

"Kamek! Kamek get your tail over here!" Wendy yelled. Right on cue,Kamek appeared behind her in a puff of smoke.

"Yes,Miss Wendy?" Kamek asked.

"Explain! Now!" Wendy said while crossing her legs.

"Explain...what exactly?" Kamek asked.

"Don't play dumb with me! You're the one who put the Piranha Plants in the toilet,aren't you?!" Wendy asked with a blush.

"It wasn't me. It's the curse itself doing it." Kamek said.

"Well! Remove it now! I need to go!" Wendy said.

"No. I won't do it just yet." Kamek said. Wendy's eyes widened.

"I have already told you: this is punishment. I will lift the curse eventually. But until then. You'll have to hold it." Kamek said. And almost immediately after,he disappeared.

"H-Hey! Get back here before i-" Wendy stopped and quickly jammed both hands between her legs. She needed to go badly now,but this curse won't let her.

"Okay,Wendy. You can do this. It's not like this is the first time you've been forced to hold it. Kamek is gonna lift this curse soon!" Wendy said with a smile.

###

".....Ngh! What's taking so long?!" Wendy said as she was now struggling to stand still. She was now absolutely bursting and the pressure was not going away now. She was now watching the Koopa's train Bowser Jr.

"Surely he's not going to make me hold it all day?!" She said to herself. She got off the barrel and stood still for a few seconds to keep her bladder under control. She even held her hands in front of it to try and ease the pressure a little. She walked away from the training spot and began looking around. Eventually,She arrived at a garden. It had multiple trees and a giant fire breathing statue.

"Is this...the garden where Lord Bowser used to race?" Wendy asked. Another wave of pressure quickly took her out of her thoughts. She looked around. There was nobody around. Surely that curse only applied to toilets...

She approached the tree and looked around with a blush. Once she had confirmed nobody was nearby,she tried squatting.

"BOO!"

"EEK!" Wendy quickly jumped away from the bushes and jammed her hands between her legs.

"Hi there,sis!" Lemmy said while jumping out of a tree. "what are you doing all the way out here?"

"Just...walking around. There's not much to do right now." Wendy said.

"Shouldn't you be watching Master Junior right now?" Lemmy asked.

"Y-Yeah! But he told me i could take a break." Wendy lied.

"Hmmm...Okay!" Lemmy said before skipping away from the tree Wendy was hiding behind. Once he was out of sight,Wendy tried squatting again. But the sound of Koopa's chatting quickly made her stop. She groaned and walked away from the tree. She walked past the Koopas with a proud look on her face,but the koopa's couldn't help but notice how stiff her walk was.

###

The sun was starting to set and everything seemed to slow down a bit. The toads were still in their prisons as planned and there had been no word yet of a certain mustachioed plumber messing up their plans.Junior was done training and was now busy playing around with his paintbrush.

However,Wendy was feeling anything but relaxed right now. With each step she took,she could feel another wave of pressure going through her body. It had now gotten to the point where wendy was constantly keeping her hands between her legs. But now that did very little to ease the pressure.

"Miss Wendy!"

"Eep!" Wendy jumped and crossed her legs tighter. there was a shy guy standing there.

"WHAT DO YOU WANT?!" Wendy asked.

"Oh uhh...i just wanted to check if you were alright. You looked a bit...jumpy." the Shy Guy replied. Wendy turned red.

"Jumpy? Me? Please!" Wendy said as she confidently walked away from the Shy Guy. But then she abruptly stopped and crossed her legs again.

"Umm. Miss Wendy? If you want,i can get some of our Medi-guys to-"

"I said i'm fine! Leave me alone!" Wendy said as she hastily walked away.

###

"Oh! i need to go so badly!" Wendy whispered to herself. She was now sitting down again,shaking her legs while having them crossed.

"Hey sis! What you doing here?' Morton said as he approached her.

"Nothing. Just...relaxing!" Wendy lied.

"Woah! What happen to belly?" Morton asked.

"Huh?" Wendy said as she saw at what morton was pointing. There was a slight bulge visible on her abdomen.

"There's nothing wrong with my belly! You're just seeing things!" Wendy said.

"Really?"

"YES! Just. Leave and. I dunno! Go play video games with Junior or something!" Wendy said with a red face.

"Okay!" Morton said with pride. He walked away from Wendy,who sighed.

"Gosh,what an idiot."

She jumped off her seat and immediately felt the strongest jolt she had felt today. She crossed her legs and held her hands super-tightly against her bladder.

"No! No! No! I can't leak! I can't leak!" Wendy said. A lot of the Koopa troop didn't wear clothes. She did,but she only had her bow and a few other accessories. So if she had leaked,anyone would be able to see it.

"Ngh..i can't move!" Wendy said. With each step,she felt a very powerful twinge. Thinking quickly,she whistled and waited. Soon enough,a pink Koopa Clown Car jr came from the sky. The very same one she had used during the Super Bash Sisters tournament. She hopped in and immediately sat down.

"Ugh! I need to find Kamek,now! "Wendy said.

###

Night time had arrived and Wendy had no luck finding Kamek.

"Oh! I'm bursting! Wendy said as she returned to her room. Still inside the Koopa Clown car. She groaned as she looked at the door across her room. That door wa s a toilet. It was right there! All she had to do was walk up to the door and open it. But instead of being greeted with the wonderful sight of a toilet,she was instead greeted by yet another damn Piranha Plant. She closed the door and flew to her bed. She hopped out of the clown car and once again,her bladder nearly gave up and released its contents. But Wendy was able to regain control. Wendy looked down at her body and saw the bulge Morton had mentioned. It hat gotten a bit bigger than when he had pointed it out. She sat down and lightly felt it.

"Wow...I can't believe i'm actually holding all of this in..." Wendy said to herself. She crossed her legs and looked outside the window. She could her the sound of footsteps coming from below,so even peeing out of the window wasn't an option now. She then looked down at her bladder and smiled.

"Heh...you know what. i was able to hold it for this long. A little bit longer couldn't hurt! I'm not going to wet myself because of some stupid curse...ngh!" Wendy said with determination. She quickly pressed her hands between her legs again. Another wave of pressure went through her body,but she was not about to let it defeat her.

"I can do this! i can hold it for longer!"

###

"Morning,everyone!" Larry said. The rest of the Koopalings responded accordingly. Every Koopaling was now in the gardens. all except for Wendy.

"Hey! Where in world 8 is Wendy? Is she gonna be late again?" Iggy asked.

"You know,i seem to recall hearing kamek talk about a curse he placed on her." Larry said.

"Yeah..He was talking to me about punishing her a few days ago." Ludwig said.

"So what do you think that punishment....HOLY SHIITAKE MUSHROOMS!!!!" Roy yelled. Everyone turned around to see and what they saw surprised them. It was Wendy,inside her Clown Car with bags under her eyes. Not only that,but the bulge she had the night before had gotten even bigger.

"Hahaha...M-Morning everyone! Are you..r-ready to get to work today?" Wendy said.

"What the shell happened here? You look like a zombie!" Larry said.

"Wendy's pregnant?!" Morton asked as he pointed at the bulge.

"S-Shut up! Where is kamek? She said as she hovered closer to the group.

"Uhh...He's with lord Bowser right now. But we'll be meeting him later today.

"That's okay...i can...ngh..." Wendy said as she clenched her teeth and crossed her legs tighter. She flew past the Koopalings and looked at her bulge.

"Ahh...S-So far....so good." Wendy said with a smile. She was even more impressed with how she managed to hold it through the night. it came at the cost of getting no sleep,but she was proud regardless. She continued to float past multiple minions. All of them looking at her with raised eyebrows. All while Wendy continued to endure the powerful pressure her bladder was sending her.

###

"And those are your tasks for today! You're all dismissed!" Kamek said. The minions began marching away from him and Kamek turned to the Koopalings with a smile. A smile that quickly turned into a jaw drop once he saw Wendy. The first thing that caught his attention was the sizable bulge.

"Hahaha...what? are you impressed?" Wendy asked.

"I....yes,i will admit. i didn't expect you to hold it for THIS long!" Kamek said.

"Heh! So how long are you planning to keep this up? cause i....Ahh!....can keep doing this all day!" Wendy said. Kamek let out a sweat drop.

"She's...enjoying this? Wow..." Kamek said to himself.

"Well uhh....Okay. I think that's enough punishment for now. Promise you will be on time next time?" Kamek said.

"Y-yeah! Of course!" Wendy said with a smile.

"Well then." Kamek said as he pulled out his wand and fired another spell at her. A bunch of sparkles flew around her body and her surrounding began turning white. The whiteness then disappeared and revealed she was standing in front of a ladies room.

"...there. The curse should be lifted." Kamek said.

"Thank...ahh! You!" Wendy said as she stepped out of the clown car. She slowly made her way to the door with both hands still between her legs. Upon closing the door behind her,she was greeted by a wonderful sight. A toilet. One without any piranha plants. The sight of it filled with with a huge sense of relief. One that was quickly interrupted by one powerful wave of pressure. Suddenly,a spurt escaped from her and landed on the floor.

"Ah! Ahh!" Wendy said as multiple spurts escaped. She quickly waddled over the the toilet and lifted the cover. She then plopped down the toilet and.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOHOOOOO.....AHHHHHHHHHHHHH.....FINALLY! AAAAAAAHHHHHHH...."

The silence in the bathroom was quickly replaced by moans of relief and the sound of a super-powerful stream splattering inside the toilet. Wendy now had a face of pure ecstasy while her body leaned against the back to the toilet. She closed her eyes and let out yet another sigh as the feeling of relief overwhelmed her. Her bulge slowly began shrinking as she released everything she had held in yesterday. She opened her eyes and looked at the floor,which now had a little bit of her pee on it.

"Ooooh....i really cut it close..." Wendy said to herself as she continued to pee. She placed a hand on her still shrinking bladder and smiled.

"I...Actually want to try this again. i wonder if i'd be able to get a new record." Wendy said with a proud smile. She looked down at the toilet and saw that her stream was still going strong. she leaned back and closed her eyes,feeling too weak to move.

"Ohh....i'm gonna be here for a while."

