Royal stories of sofia the first

Author: omofan77

*000*2017-06-14 02:19

On a day, Sofia and James were fencing outside. Finding fencing to be thirsty work, they shared a large drink as Amber walked by. "I hope you'll be done soon. The party is in four hours. That barely gives me enough time to get ready."

"We don't need four hours like you," said James. "Be that as it may," said Amber. "Also, easy with drinking. You know better than to ask to use the bathroom during such an event." She walked on. "Maybe we should go before getting ready," said Sofia. James agreed and both peed on a hedge. "Now that that's taken of, I can have a little more to drink," said James and they finished their drink.

At night, everyone gathered for the gathering, along with Ruby and Jade. When they went inside, Ruby and Jade asked to use the bathroom. "You should have gone before coming," said Amber. Although Amber also felt a slight need to pee. Spending four hours getting ready gave her no time to use the bathroom. "Just think about something else," said Sofia. "It won't last long." Sofia also started to feel the need to go and hoped the event would be over soon. A couple minutes later, James signs of discomfort. "I really have to use the bathroom and that fountain centerpiece isn't helping."

"You should think about going," said Sofia. "After all, a prince may ask rather than a princess," said Amber. James thought about it. "I know a couple girls have to go. It wouldn't be fair that I can use the bathroom when they can't ask. I'll be fine."

Ruby and Jade were walking around, trying to act normal. They walked by a punch bowl and noticed punch slowly being poured out. "That is really making me have to go," said Jade. "Me too," said Ruby. "But I'm sure it'll be over soon and we can go."

"But if everyone is waiting for the end, the line might be too long," said Jade. "I can't wait that long." Ruby noticed an open window. She made up her mind. "I'm not a princess. I'm a village girl and Buttercup and I'm going to tinkle like one."

"Me too," said Jade. "I have to spinkle so much and I'll do so like the village girl and Buttercup I am." They slipped outside and landed inside a large foliage. Concealed, they fumbled with their dresses. Too desperate, they pulled their dresses completely off as two streams of pee flowed out their vaginas, hitting the leaves and falling onto the ground.

Ruby and Jade sighed in relief as two large foamy puddles pooled at their feet. "I can't believe how good it feels," said Ruby. "I guess it's because we were holding it for so long," said Jade. "I can't remember that last time I held it so long when I really had to go." After a couple minutes, their streams slowed to a trickle and dripped down in steady drips into the large puddle. Having pushed out the last spurts of pee, Ruby and Jade used their Buttercup skills to choose safe leaves and clean themselves and spent a couple minutes getting their dresses on and returning inside.

James, meanwhile, was having a hard time ignoring the steady increase of desperation he felt. When no one was looking, he would lose composure and hold himself. The third time this happened, he heard laughter. James turned and saw a group of people laughing at a joke they were telling each other. Although they didn't notice James, he almost wished they did if it meant he didn't have to watch their drinks slosh around in their glasses and some drops fell to the floor. James looked at the time. "How could so little time have passed? The clock must be broken. How can I wait much longer?"

Another ten minutes slowly passed and James noticed one person with a spilled drink and drops were softly falling to the floor. He felt a few drops of pee escape his bladder and make a slight spot in his underwear. "Oh, I have to go so bad! I can't take it anymore!" Clutching himself, he ran out, looking for something to pee on. Then he noticed the deserted punch bowl. Too desperate to think, he seized the bowl and ran, looking for a private place. Sofia walked by. "What are you doing, James?"

"Out of my way, Sofia. I have to use the bathroom and I can't wait any longer." Sofia guessed what James intended to do. "I feel nature calling, so I'll join you. Going in the punch bowl sounds like fun." No one saw them slip out the room. Away from the party, they put the bowl down. James lowered the front of his pants and underwear down and aimed his penis over the punch. At last, he released the contents of his aching bladder and sighed in relief as his pee poured out his penis, arc, then pour down and empty into the punch. Sofia lifted her dress, pulled down her underwear, adjusted her folds and peed into the punch, sighing in relief after waiting to use the bathroom for so long.

Both looked down as the punch foamed around where the streams hit and the color seemed to become slightly foggy. At last, their streams slowed and and the last drops dripped into the punch. Fully relieved, James pulled up his underwear and pants and lent Sofia his handkerchief to clean up and she pulled on her underwear and adjusted her dress. Feeling adventurous, she tasted the punch. "It really doesn't taste like it should." James also tasted it. "Well, as long as no one knows what happened and it was us, I don't care." They managed to replace the punch bowl without being seen. Amber, meanwhile, was quickly becoming desperate to pee. At times, she was sitting, thinking about pulling her dress and underwear to the side and peeing under a table, but couldn't do it. Maintaining her composure, she walked around, fighting the thoughts of water and peeing filling her mind. "If I relieve myself in my dress, no one will know. But I can't ruin this dress. I'll only have ten more this good."

When Cedric started performing and everyone was looking the other way, Amber knew this was her chance to pee without being noticed. She wandered around and noticed the centerpiece. Now, extremely desperate, she resigned herself to peeing on it. She went behind it and peered out, making sure no one was watching. Amber slid back behind the centerpiece and lifted her dress. Lowering her underwear so just her vagina was exposed, she relaxed and peed into the water.

Sweet relief washed over her as she felt her bladder slowly draining and her pee held for so long, rushing out her slit, against her folds with a slight tickle, and pour into the water. Looking down at the stream and the bubbling water, Amber closed her eyes, silently sighing in relief. Completely immersed in relief, Amber listened to the splashing of her pee mixing with water. At last, her stream died down. Making sure no drops would get on her clothes, Amber made sure they fell in the water, then cleaned with her handkerchief and adjusted her clothes.

Amber was walking by the punch when James came by. "Whatever you do, don't drink the punch." Amber's question was soon answered when Ruby and Jade came up. "You don't have to wait for us to tinkle anymore," said Ruby. "We don't have to go anymore."

"We just sprinkled outside," said Jade. "In that case, I just went to the bathroom in the punch," said James. "When nature called, I joined James," said Sofia, coming up. She shrugged. "It just seemed like fun." Amber felt slightly left out. Finally, she spoke. "I relieved myself in the centerpiece." She sighed. "Well, at least we don't have to worry about that now." The rest of the party went on uneventfully. When the night ended, Sofia, Amber, James, Ruby, and Jade, were alone. "It's strange to say, but having to go to the bathroom was the most excitement I had," said James. "I always find these parties stuffy and boring. I wish we could do something more fun with them." Sofia had an idea and encouraged everyone, even Amber, to join in.

Later at night, in Sofia's room, they had their own party with their own idea of fun. "If you will excuse me, I must use the bathroom," said James. "If you don't mind, I'll use the punch brought up."

"That's fine with us," said Sofia. "I should wish to accompany you as well."

"In that case, sister, would care for a fencing match? I could use more practice." Sofia curtsied. "It would be my pleasure." When the two peed in the drink, they crossed streams, each aiming to strike the other. Soon, Amber excused herself. "I should relieve myself as well."

"Jade and I were thinking of tinkling out the window," said Ruby. "Perhaps you would care to join us."

"It would be an honor if a princess joins us," said Jade. "Well, a princess should make others happy," said Amber, joining them as they peed out the window. Afterwards, James offered to clean the girls, which they accepted, especially Ruby and Jade. With that, they had more that night than they ever thought they would have.

*001*2017-06-14 02:24

Sofia was practicing her ice skating. She started to feel a need to use the bathroom. Making sure she was alone, Sofia lowered her pants and underwear and held up her dress, peeing onto the ice. She noticed her skates were still moving and saw the stream following her. Curious, Sofia skated in a line and peed out a line. Then she spun around, making a circle of pee. Sofia started to have fun and tried a series of moves. When she finished, Sofia noticed Amber watching.

"That was lovely," said Amber. "Thank you," said Sofia. Amber seemed a little concerned. "Aren't you worried someone might see you?"

"I think it's fun," said Sofia. "As long as I'm doing what I like, I don't care what anyone else thinks."

"Well, don't let me interrupt your fun," said Amber. "I'm meeting up with James. We'll meet you later." James, meanwhile, was playing in the snow. Soon, he had to pee. James casually went to a tree, pulled down his pants and underwear, and peed on the tree and into the snow, writing his name. "Typical boy," said Amber, walking up. "Acting as proper as usual," said James, glancing at her. "One of us has to," said Amber. "Sofia was doing what you're doing while skating."

James was interested. "That sounds like fun and I'm sure it was beautiful to watch." Amber shrugged. "I guess if you like that kind of thing. Sofia never seems to get what being a princess is about."

"Says the princess who uses the bathroom in a teapot during table gatherings and has fun with her brother and sister," said James. "I can tell you liked what Sofia was doing."

"Fine, I found her performance quite elegant. Are you satisfied now?" James smiled. "Almost. Why don't you join me, darling sister?" Amber allowed herself a smile and peed onto the snow with James, writing her name more elegantly than James.

The siblings then met up with Sofia. James asked Sofia to perform for them. Sofia was more than happy to show her new moves. James was completely enthralled. "That's amazing! If you could do that in a show, I'm sure everyone would love it."

"Maybe I should," said Sofia. "I'd be happy to skate like this for the other princesses." Amber wasn't so sure. "Don't you care what they would think?" Sofia replied. "I don't care. I just want to skate in a way I love." Amber couldn't convince Sofia otherwise and James was eager to see it. So one day, the princesses gathered to watch a special performance by Sofia. Amber and Sofia looked at the princesses gathered. "Sofia, you don't have to do this."

Sofia was slightly nervous. Then she breathed. "I'm doing what I love and I won't worry what others think and who might see." Then her performance began. The princesses were surprised to see Sofia peeing in a straight line as she skated. Then Sofia spun in midair, her stream making a perfect circle and everyone was impressed by her acrobatic skill. Then Sofia spun in a circle as she stood in place, peeing in a circle that rose around her waist. Everyone gasped in amazement as her clear stream sparkled and shone bright against the snow. By the time Sofia peed out a figure eight, the princesses were completely enthralled by what they were seeing. Euphoria seemed to come over everyone who watched. Amber and James watched from the side. "She is quite graceful," said Amber.

"I can see you want to try it," said James. Sofia finished a leap, causing a long arch of pee. Then she asked Amber and James to join in. James happily skated onto the ice. He took out his penis and peed out shapes with perfect aim. Amber was caught up with the performance she found herself taking Sofia's hand and skating with her. "Everyone's watching," said Amber. "Don't worry about them," said Sofia. "It's just us having fun. Why should we worry who sees and what they think?"

"I'm having fun," said James. "What should we do together?"

"Just do what comes to mind," said Sofia. The three relaxed and performed moves that came naturally. Sofia threw Amber in the air. She spun, making a golden circle and landing on a spot James peed on from a distance.

The three spun on the ice, making three circles around them and came together, making a large circle spin around them, and James moved his penis, causing swirls in the circle. They skated around and peed on each others private areas as they moved past. Sofia and Amber's streams met and James jumped, spinning in mid air, making a circle above them. Then he aimed his penis and his stream came down and hit the other two before landing at the point the streams met. They continued to make different shapes and figure eights, accompanied with spins. For the finale, Sofia stood in the center of Amber and James as the three held hands and spun in a line, making one large circle. The princesses cheered, sending a feeling of euphoria and excitement through the three as they stood amid the cheers. As the princesses expressed their enjoyment, some said they wanted to try it as well.

They seemed to be unsure about actually trying it with so many other around. But Sofia did a quick jump and let out a short stream of pee. "I'm doing what I love and I don't care who watches and what they think. If you think it's fun, you should try it. Don't worry about others and enjoy what you love. I'm not going to let anyone stop me for doing what I love and neither should you." So the princesses began to try their own moves. Princess Hildegard and Princess Clio took turns tossing each other into the air so they could spin and caught each other, while Princess Maya tried peeing figure eights. Sofia taught them to leap in the air and make arches. Everyone had fun and didn't care they were watched by everyone else.

On the way home, Sofia and James peed on a tree. Then Amber joined them. Sofia told her she didn't have to pee so in the open. Amber smiled. "I'm having fun with you and I don't care what anyone thinks, Sofia." The three finished and walked on, leaving behind their names written the snow, Amber proud how elegantly she could write.

*003*2017-06-14 07:20

In the kingdom of Avalor, Sofia, Amber and James spent a day in the kingdom after the freeing of Princess Elena and her family, including Princess Isabel. In the royal gardens, Sofia was admiring the birdbath Isabel had built. Isabel turned a level and caused a fountain to appear, pouring down fresh water into the birdbath. Sofia was amazed. They then enjoyed the other sights of the garden. "By the way, Isabel, I can't believe you spent 47 years in a painting. How do you feel now?" Isabel looked back at the falling water and suddenly held herself. "Like I really have to pee. Not going for 47 years must have that effect on you." Isabel walked to a tree. Sofia came up. "I have to pee too." Isabel smiled. "Then I can show you a trick I taught myself." She lifted her dress, lowered her underskirt, and adjusted her folds, letting out a yellow arc. "I'm actually pretty good at tinkling standing myself and I've showed a few other girls," said Sofia.

She copied Isabel and peed, her stream arcing at her waist. "Impressive," said Isabel. She adjusted herself and used her stream to draw the designs of the birdbath with a working fountain. "Wow, I can only write my name," said Sofia, tracing her name. "Still impressive," said Isabel. "Amber can pee out her name more elegantly than that," said James, coming up with Amber. Amber shifted. "That is not something that should be spoken so openly," said Amber. "I like the idea of girls, especially princesses that can pee out their name," said Isabel. "I see the princesses here have a different way of speaking properly," said Amber. Isabel shrugged. "I was always into my inventions and studying the flora and fauna outside, I never bothered to learn proper speaking ediquite."

"Fine," said Amber. "But, Sofia, you are studying to be a real princess. Please speak a bit more properly." Sofia giggled. "We don't have to speak properly all the time. In those times, I don't mind talking about sprinkling, tinkling, or peeing. I think they can be fun to say and that's all that matters to me."

Amber smiled softly. "I sometimes wish I could be a bit more carefree."

"Try speaking less proper," said Sofia. "You might like it." Amber considered for some time. She seemed to struggle with herself. "I'll try. I think sprinking outside can be fun. I can tinkle while stading and I can pee out my name most elegantly." She breathed slowly. "I can't believe I said that." James put an arm around her. "You just need to practice. Try saying it a few times and it'll be easier. But you saying it once is enough for me." Amber smiled. "I can show you how I can write my name while relieving myself. I mean while peeing standing." She exposed her vagina and peed out a stream and traced her name in beautiful cursive letters.

Inside the castle, James and the three princesses walked together. James spoke up. "Isabel, have you ever peed behind a suit of armor? I've done it plenty of times."

"I have sometimes," said Isabel. "I've created a way to keep the armor clean. A special stone with a cleaning solution. I can show you." James joined Isabel behind a suit of armor and both exposed their privates and peed onto the armor, Isabel showing no surprise at the differences between her and James. Once finished, she slid back a hidden panel in the base that she installed, removed the stone and scrubbed the armor clean. "I usually tinkle on plants in the hall," said Sofia. "Sometimes I also sprinkle behind a tapestry." She and Isabel went behind a tapestry, squatted down and peed onto the floor and also stood peeing onto a potted plant. "I am surprised other royal members came up with ways to pee around a castle," said Isabel.

"Sometimes I have to sprinkle at night," said Amber slowly with a slight cringe as she spoke so improperly. "I usually tinkle out the window. It is better than relieving, I mean, peeing on my fine bed sheets." Isabel shrugged. "I don't really care about bed sheets, but one invention of mine is good at changing sheets." Isabel took them to her room where she peed onto her bed. Then she showed how she made additions to her bed that when a crank was used, activated a mechanism that removed the sheets and placed new sheets on the bed.

"Still have to prefect the making the bed part of it." She made a note in her journal. The sun was beginning to set when they paused outside on the bridge over the large waterfall where the evil queen had plunged down after her defeat. "Maybe we can share one final pee moment," said Amber, cringing only slightly at what she was saying. "That sounds like fun," said Sofia. "I guess peeing over the edge and down the waterfall." James and Isabel agreed and all four let out streams that arched over the edge and down the side of the waterfall.

Isabel made calculations and adjusted her stream so it struck the rays of the setting sun, giving it a bright color. The others were amazed and tried, managing to get some the sun's rays reflected in their streams. Everyone finished, cleaned off, and got dressed. "Well, that was fun in its own way," said Amber. "I mean just peeing not catching the light." She saw she wasn't cringing anymore. "I like to sprinkle outside? I can tinkle while standing? I can pee over the side of the bridge? Am I really speaking so improperly and finding it easy?"

"I'm proud of you, Amber," said Sofia, hugging her. James did the same while Isabel smiled. "I guess it's ok to speak like this sometimes," said Amber. "I shouldn't in front of others though. But Sofia, if you want to talk about sprinkling, tinkling, or peeing around the other princesses, go ahead. I won't let them make fun of you."

"I appreciate it," said Sofia. "Don't be afraid to speak like that in front of others. As long as you're ok with it, that's all that matters."

"You can wait as long as you want," said James. "You were courageous enough for now." Amber was pleased with herself. They made their way back. "I think I can use some of these ideas we've tried with my sister," said Isabel. She looked forward to spending such a day with Elena for the first time in years.

