Short Story - Couple`s Holding Challenge

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2023-02-12 10:03

My 8th writing, this time featuring omo from both my male and female characters. Enjoy!

###

Mali [F] - 20+ y/o, developed an omo kink with the help of her boyfriend Yuta over the past year; always manages to find some way to wet herself even when unintentional.

Yuta [M] - 20+ y/o, developed an omo kink watching his girlfriend get into a variety of situations where she couldn't hold it any longer; recently has been frequently wondering how it would feel to be on her end.

Note: for simplicity I'll be using * * to highlight Yuta and * * to highlight Mali, however, broadly speaking, gender can be expressed by many colors, not just two!

###

Yuta has loved seeing his girlfriend wet herself. Be it in the car, their kitchen, or the park, they both have a ton of fun doing it. But there's been one thing itching away at him: Mali seems overly pleasured as she lets it out each time without fail. How good exactly does that feel? he wondered. He wanted to find out, and quickly thought of exactly how to do it.

It was a rather shitty winter day, above freezing temperature but raining, with it all expected to freeze overnight. No need for either of the omo lovers to venture outside for anything. They also shared a day off, and with everything they need to have fun, so the stage was set.

Yuta wore a black cotton T-shirt and a belted pair of faded brown khakis, with boxer briefs underneath. Mali was dressed in all black, a hoodie and leggings, with standard underwear underneath.

They were having a bout of Mario Kart, both one-upping each other by the race. Mali ceaselessly taunted at Yuta each track, and vice versa due to the short time of the races (they only played on 200cc....such tryhards...). After one of the tracks, Yuta nudged over at Mali's arm, and did a subpar charades act of drinking water and peeing it out. Mali, confused by the lack of good visuals, questioningly turned her head. He tried again by imitating a desperate Mali, shoving his hands between his legs and moving around in his seat. Now understanding his intents, she gazed wide-eyed at him. "What exactly are scheming?!" she asked laughing.

"A little game, or better yet a contest" he responded.

"Ooo, you too now? I like it. Alright. Tell me!"

"Simple, we hold it for the day."

"Wait... isn't that a bit unfair? Y'know, the whole 'female bladders are weaker than male's' thing?" she questioned.

"True, true. That's why I'll give you a little leeway. The last I used the bathroom was 2 hours ago, and I've drank a glass of water since. I'll let you go now, that way we end up desperate around the same time!"

"Perfect! I'll go get ready then, in the bathroom." she mumbled.

While she took care of her business, Yuta got some labeled water bottles and filled them up to the 24 oz/0.7 L mark and returned to their quarters. Mali stepped out, refreshed, and sat down. They grabbed their drinks and clanked them together.

"Bottoms up!" said Yuta. And away they went.

11:45 AM: The start of their journey commences. They continue their racing dispute as if nothing happened.

1:00 PM: They both have downed over half of their bottles, and have moved on to talking with one another. Mali feels nothing yet, but Yuta's deliberate disadvantage has him already feeling a small but distinct pressure from his abdomen. Mid-conversation, he pans over to the clock to see that it's struck 1:00.

"Alright, it's 1:00"

"...and?" says Mali.

"And, it's time we make the challenge a bit more fun. I want both of us to stand up and start bouncing around." he declares.

"Sure, whatever Idontcare." she says as she shrugs.

They both get up and hop for 30 seconds no more than a few inches off the ground.

"I feel the water in my bladder a bit more doing this!" Yuta laughs.

"I don't feel too much yet, most of it is still in my stomach." Mali notes.

"Great, we'll change up the challenge as we go on."

"Sounds good to me!"

2:00 PM: The two have finished their water and have continued talking. Over the last hour, Yuta has gotten a greater urge to where he is more restless than usual and Mali has begun feeling her bladder as well.

"Another hour gone!" Yuta cites. "Next, I propose we feel around each others bladders and see our reactions."

"Fun! I'm going first then!" Mali bursts, shuffling over to her boyfriend. She grabs just above and in front of his hips and presses around with her thumbs. Yuta flinches, lets out a light gasp, and automatically recoils away from her hands. She playfully continues as his stomach tightens up and he holds his breath. After what seemed like minutes to him, Mali lets up and Yuta exhales.

"Jeez, I almost let a little out there. That was close! I felt like all my nerves concentrated around my bladder and urethra, I contracted everything tight!"

Mali chuckles, she had never heard him speak so vulgarly about omo before, and hasn't seen this side to him either. After a moment, Yuta nears closer to her, and starts to do the same motion onto her. She lets out a brief exhale during, but no major movements outside of this. She raises her head triumphantly, proud of her resistance effort.

"Alright then, if that's how it is, let's speed things up a bit..." Yuta gets up and goes to the kitchen where he begins to boil some water. He pours it out of a kettle and adds some tea bags. "The caffeine should run through us pretty quick." he says as he hands Mali a mug, each containing about 10-12 oz/0.3-0.35 L each.

"It's on." she states confidently.

3:00 PM: They both downed their tea within this hour, and the atmosphere has correspondingly intensified because of it. Yuta now prefers to stand than sit, pacing over a small area to nervously distract himself. Mali maintains her composure and stays seated, but anxiously bounces in place, keeping her legs tucked tight. They started playing music in the room, since it was the only thing they could reasonably do while keeping everything together.

"Ooookay, next up..." Yuta exhales, "sit-ups!"

"Nooo! You're joking!" Mali exclaims in shock.

They lay their backs down next to each other with their knees up. Neither one can be completely still before they start, and laugh together with a hint of regret within each of them.

They begin their sit-ups, each letting out small moans at the peak of the crunch. On the fifth sit-up...

*fshh*

Mali lets out a squeak and drops her back to the ground. Yuta looks over grinning. Mali relaxes her legs and checks for the damage. A glistening spot appeared though her leggings for a moment before fading away. Her breathing quickens and Yuta briefly laughs. He goes to stand up, and as he tries to lift up his weight...

*frmmm*

He falls over before he could get up, a shocked look on his face. Mali dittos his expression.

"No way! You too!" she giggles, making sure not to laugh too hard.

No spot was formed because of the thickness of his pants, but Yuta mentally noted that his crotch was indeed wet and warm. "Holy shit, I let my guard down. Holy shit...wow..." He had never experienced such a strange feeling - pleasure, surprise, embarrassment, thrill - all at once before.

And so, the omo driven couple pushed on.

3:35 PM: They were getting close to their limits. Neither could sit, nor stand still. They walk around, in, and out of the room frequently, occasionally stopping to say something about bodily fluids to each other, "try not to think about Niagara Falls" and whatnot. They both would raise up a leg from time to time, anticipating then the next wave of desperation would flow over them.

"Really a predicament we have going on here." Yuta cringes out. "Really hope it doesn't last much long-"

He trips onto his side.

"-GER!"

*fshhrmm*

"Oh god..." A tiny visible dark spot formed next to his zipper.

*psht psht*

"Ah!~ Not yet!"

The dark spot was small, but the damage was high. Yuta felt that his crotch was soaked, and that drops leaked from his underwear to the side of his thighs. He took breaths in stagger. "Not....yet...!"

Mali watched in awe the one who was always on the receiving end of omo cripples from the pressure. But the fight was not up yet. "I almost peed there. Looks like someone is running out of time." she said snarkingly.

"A-A-apparently you too..." He responded, barely keeping himself together.

The two still had drive in them, albeit not very much.

3:47 PM: They had reached their endgame. Both were bursting, and yet neither had to tell the other because they wouldn't allow themselves to break focus of their goal. As Yuta realized the climatic nature of the situation, he proposed one last challenge.

"M-Mali. One m-more thing. One more challenge. Face each other, and stand still....first one to go to the bathroom loses." he forces out.

They stand in the room, next to the hallway towards the bathroom. It's just a quick right outside of the doorway and relief is theirs.

Yuta cements his feet into the ground, gripping the front of his khakis. Mali positions herself slightly hunched forward, he hands grasped in her groin, struggling to stay still.

*ps*

A small leak begins behind Mali's thighs, a shimmer on her leggings out of sight of Yuta. Mali's face contorts but tries to stay strong. The leak is low but doesn't stop. She fidgets.

*fst*

A small burst from Yuta. He clenches his hands harder and tightens everything in his body. A trickle of warmth shoots down his leg.

He stares unbroken in his focus. Mali crosses her legs and bends at the knees. Her *trickle* refuses to stop. Shimmering liquid starts to infiltrate her hand and seep through the front of her leggings. She points her eyebrows down. He does the same. She leaks more. He stays resilient. Her stream grows in power.

"ah fuck...."

*frshhhhhhh*

"SHIT"

Mali waddles quickly waddles away, small piss pellets dropping from behind her. As she walks by she rocks into Yuta's side, breaking his concentration.

*ffft, shsrhhhhhhh*

He winces. "no!" he gasps.

He also turns towards the hallway, but Mali is already entering the bathroom, pitter patters hitting the ground. She walks through and with two hands, simultaneously opening the toilet lid and shutting the door.

"NO!" Yuta shouts, a warm stream flowing through his underwear. He hears a *click* proceeded by a *shraaa* from the other side of the door.

"DON'T! LET ME IN! PLEASE!" he pleads.

He looks around towards the kitchen assuming that Mali made up her mind. He shuffles on over all the while drops fall from the bottom of his pants, a dark streak forming down the front. He spots the sink and rushes over, trying to undo his belt.

*SSHHHHHHHHH*

"AHH!~" Yuta lets out a sighing moan as he loses total control and total hope. His belt only unbuckled, his knees fall, too weak to support him as he floods out the contents of his bladder into his boxers, pants, onto the kitchen floor. Warm waterfalls dispose from his pantlegs. He kneels there in ecstasy. It was in this moment he felt what Mali felt after all this time.

Meanwhile, in the bathroom, as soon as Mali locked the door, she sat down on the porcelain, her stream still gushing hard, and rapidly pulled her leggings and panties out of the way.

*SHRAAA*

She let out a satisfied groan as she too disposed of all that was build up over the last 4 hours. Her hands shined as pee dripped from them, and her leggings soaked in the last of the fluid that seeped through it, spreading over a larger area. She sat, knowing she lost, but got what she wanted to see most.

After they both finished, Yuta continued to sit in amazement and Mali threw off her leggings and underwear to walk out and witness his "defeat," unbothered by her dampness in the hallway. A trail was left from the bathroom door to a lake and a deeply soaked pair of khakis where Yuta remained.

"That spot on the floor has been pissed on 3 times too many and yet several times not enough." She giggled hysterically.

###

Thanks for reading! Even if you skimmed, thanks for giving it a chance! I'm always trying to improve my writing, so if there's any tips or things you pointed out, please let me know, it would be a huge help. Also, if you enjoyed, leave a comment with a scenario you'd want to see Mali and/or Yuta in and I may get to writing about it one day! Thanks again and I hope you enjoyed!

