Valerie 15 - Water

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-07-27 10:43

VALERIE 15 - WATER

"Do make sure you drink enough water, Callum dear." Angela pushed the litre bottle of mineral water across the table towards him.

"Mummy, you're fussing!" Amanda protested. "I swear that if there's one thing a guest could do to really upset you, it would be to not drink enough water!"

Peter, the girls' father, had returned to England to manage his business, Jack was rostered for a series of flying duties and Emily had gone to London to be with him. They would return in a couple of weeks but in the meantime there was only Angela, Valerie, Amanda, Callum and myself staying at the Tuscan villa.

We had dined as usual under the pergola in the villa's extensive grounds and although the light was fading from the sky the air was still very warm so we stayed outside, lingering over after-dinner drinks.

None of us had changed after spending the day by the pool - Callum and I wore t-shirts and swimming shorts, Angela her teal designer one-piece swimsuit, Amanda her dark red bikini and Valerie a t-shirt over her navy blue bikini briefs.

Angela raised her hands in mock surrender. "I admit I do have a bit of an obsession about staying hydrated but there's a very good reason for that."

"Is there a story here?" asked Valerie.

"Yes, and you're at the heart of it" Angela replied.

"Ooh! I love a good family story!" exclaimed Amanda, crossing her legs and leaning forward eager to hear more.

Angela poured herself an Amaretto and topped up everybody's water glass. "Peter and I had always loved Italy, ever since we drove down here in his old sports car for a holiday and stayed in in a lovely little agrituristo."

"That was when we found this beautiful old place standing derelict. We couldn't resist taking a closer look so we climbed over the rusty gates and walked hand in hand up the long driveway. We spent a happy few hours exploring the overgrown grounds and managed to get glimpses of the interior through cracks in the shutters."

"It had obviously once belonged to someone important but now it was in a bad way. The shutters were falling apart, the window frames were rotting and there were ominous looking cracks in some of the walls. Even so, we both fell in love with it and felt so sad to see it falling into ruin. We half joked, half fantasised about buying it and doing it up but of course it was completely impractical as we had absolutely no money."

Amanda shifted uneasily in her seat and re-crossed her legs but continued to listen to Angela's story with rapt attention.

"And there was another problem. I had been wondering why I kept being sick in the mornings. 'Incinta, incinta!' the old farmer's wife said as I threw up in their loo for the umpteenth time.

"Pregnant? I hadn't planned on that! I burst into tears on the old lady's shoulder and she gave me a warm, reassuring hug, murmuring something soothing in Italian.

"I wasn't at all sure how Peter would take the news but I needn't have worried. He took me into his arms, held me as though I was made of china and kissed me gently on the forehead. 'Looks like we had better get married!' he said with a warm smile. The old lady gave a toothless chuckle and clapped her hands in approval."

Amanda had been listening spellbound. Suddenly she tensed, put a hand between her legs and held herself tight. Angela did not notice.

"On our first wedding anniversary, Peter presented me with a legal document in Italian. I had no idea what it was and asked if it was the divorce come through at last. Peter laughed and explained that it was the title deeds for the villa in Tuscany, made out in my name.

"He told me that he'd finalised a property deal, something to do with selling a small and rather rundown block of offices that was in the way of a major City development. Apparently the deal had made him an awful lot of money. Unknown to me he'd made enquiries and found out that this place was for sale - in fact it had been on the market for years but it was in such a poor state that nobody was willing to take it on. So he bought it as an anniversary present for me."

"How romantic!" murmured Amanda, still with one hand clasped firmly between her tightly crossed legs. "What did you say?"

Angela smiled at the memory. "I burst into tears and said that all I had for him was a bottle of aftershave!"

We laughed and Angela paused for a sip of Amaretto.

There was a splashing sound.

I looked at Amanda.

Amanda looked at Valerie.

Valerie was wetting herself, pee flooding off the edges her seat and on to the paving beneath her. She looked embarrassed.

"Valerie, darling, not at the dinner table!" protested Angela, mildly.

"I'm sorry Mummy, I didn't mean to." Valerie replied contritely. "I thought I could wait until the end of the story but apparently I couldn't." Recovering some of her mischievous spirit she turned to me. "We'll wash it down in the morning, won't you, Tom darling?"

"Oh well, in that case...." said Amanda. She removed her hand. A puddle appeared beneath her dark red bikini briefs, expanded across her seat and splashed noisily on to the flagstones.

"Girls, behave yourselves!" exclaimed Angela, laughing whilst trying to look cross. "I was going to have to break off to go to the loo anyway."

"Oh don't interrupt the story!" pleaded Amanda. "I want to know what happens next. Just wee in your swimsuit!"

Angela said something about not knowing what Tom and Callum must think of us, carrying on like this.

"I don't think Tom minds all that much" murmured Valerie.

Amanda giggled. "Nor does Callum" she said.

Angela sat still. A moment later, pee started to trickle off her seat and patter on to the stone beneath her. When she had finished, Angela resumed her story.

"Peter insists to this day that he knew what he was taking on but I don't think that even he had appreciated quite how much work was going to be needed just to stop the whole place falling in, let alone turning it into a family home.

"He appointed a local man to manage the restoration project but even so we had to come down here quite often to review progress and discuss the work to be done - they were finding new problems all the time."

Angela turned to Valerie. "It was on one of those trips, when you was a toddler and I was heavily pregnant with Emily, that I got the fright of my life.

"It was a very hot day and we were sitting in the shade, talking with Peter's project manager . You'd been running around amusing yourself by picking up stones and making a pile but then you came up to me and just flopped in my arms. Then you were sick. You were as hot as a furnace but you weren't sweating at all. That's when I realised that you hadn't done a wee for ages. You'd only just been toilet trained and I'd assumed you must have wet yourself whilst you were playing but when I felt your knickers they were bone dry. By then you'd gone limp and you seemed to be only half conscious.

"I was a very young and inexperienced mother and I had no idea what was wrong. I screamed out for help. One of the Italian workmen came across, took one look at you and fetched a bottle of water. He poured water over your head, all over your sundress and down your legs and feet.

"The water started to evaporate, cooling you down and, after what seemed like an age but was probably actually only minutes, you began to sit up and take notice of your surroundings again. I held you in my arms and gave you sips of water and within an hour or so you were back on your feet.

"It was only afterwards that I found out about heat exhaustion and heatstroke and how it can be fatal, especially for small children. I also learnt how important it is to drink lots of water in hot weather. I will be eternally grateful to that workman for recognising the symptoms and acting so quickly but I have never forgiven myself for letting my child get into such a dangerous state." Angela wiped away a tear. "Anyway, now you know why I am extra-careful!."

Callum stood up, stepped outside the pergola, parted his legs wide and peed in his shorts. "Its OK, Angela" he called out. "I'm drinking enough water."

###

A harvest moon rose above the trees in the east. Angela had retired to bed and Amanda had taken Callum by the hand to wander off hand in hand for a moonlit walk through the grounds of the villa, Amanda murmuring something about needing another wee.

Valerie sat on my lap as we sipped grappa. Her bikini briefs were still soaking wet from her earlier accident and I could feel the dampness seeping down into my shorts. I slipped a hand under her t-shirt and fondled her bare breast.

The pressure on my abdomen reminded me that I had not had a pee for some time.

"Oh well" I thought. "Everybody else has....." I let go, feeling my warm pee spread through my shorts and pool beneath me before it started to cascade down on to the stone paving.

Valerie jumped up, looking at me in astonishment. "Hey, that's my trick!" she exclaimed.

I stood up, causing the pee that had been trapped in my shorts to trickle down my legs in a most peculiar fashion. Standing behind her, I slid a hand between her legs, fondling her through her wet knickers. "Sorry to steal your trick" I whispered.

"Oh, I still have some tricks left" Valerie murmured as warm pee flooded over my hand. She turned to face me and gave me a long, sensuous kiss. "Come to bed and I'll show you a few more."

