Rings and Desperation (Rouge the Bat)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-08-05 20:52

This story was suggested by LifeIsStrange

.

$$

A pair of Egg Pawns were patrolling the area,looking for potential intruders. There didn't seem to be any danger. That is until a bomb fell out of the sky and blew up,destroying them. The explosion cleared up and revealed Rouge the Bat. She was on a mission to gather information for Eggman's latest plan. First things first,she had to get inside the base without being spotted. She flew around and hid behind multiple objects until she got closer and closer to the base.

"So the Doctor decided to set up shop near Angel Island. I wonder if he's planning to use the Master Emerald again." Rouge said to herself. She flew closer and closer to the base while trying to stay out of sight of all the other enemies. She landed behind some boxes and peeked from behind it to look for a way to get in the base. But now that she was standing still,she was starting to feel some discomfort. Rouge sighed as she rubbed her abdomen.

"Maybe i should've used the bathroom while she was back at the base." She said to herself. They wanted her to gather information as fast as possible before Eggman could strike. So she headed out without taking a pee break first. Still,she wasn't about to let some pressure in her body stop her from completing the mission. So she ignored it for now and continued looking for a way to get inside the base. Upon getting closer to the building,She spread her wings and flew towards the ceiling. She landed on the ceiling and saw a vent that she could take. She smiled as she opened the vent and entered. She carefully crawled through the vents until the heard a sound. a red light appeared and got brighter until a drone floated into view. Rouge quickly crawled back and went through another path. But that path also had a drone. Rouge clicked her tongue and backed away again.

Eventually,Rouge safely made it through the vents and and exited them. Using her wings to slowly land,Rouge began looking around. By the looks of it,She was in some kind of storage unit. That's when she heard the door open. Thinking quickly,She hid behind one of the boxes and saw another pair off Egg Pawns enter the room. They seemed to be looking for one specific box,Rouge stayed still and waited for them to leave. As she waited, her attention returned to the pressure that was building up inside her bladder. What was a mild discomfort before she left the base had turned into a bit of a distraction. She tried to ignore the signals and that's when she noticed the box she was hiding behind being lifted. She quickly hovered to her right and hid behind another box. The Egg Pawn looked around in confusion for a second but then walked away with the box overhead. The Egg Pawns left the room with the box and rouge began to follow them.

"Maybe by going with them,I'll see what the doctor has up his sleeve this time..." Rouge said to herself. She took flight and flew close to the ceiling. However,she couldn't help but keep her thighs a little crossed while flying. The Egg Pawns stopped in front of an elevator and one of them pressed one of the buttons. The elevator opened and the Egg Pawns entered it. Rouge landed on the floor and pressed the same button the Egg Pawn had pressed and eventually the elevator door opened again, Allowing rouge to step inside. The door closed and Rouge leaned against the wall.

"Ugh...I doubt Eggman had the decency to put a ladies room somewhere in this building." Rouge said to none in particular. Almost the entirety of Eggman's Army consisted of robots and unless he programmed them with bladders,It seemed unlikely that she would get the chance to relieve herself here in the base. Rouge placed her hands between her legs and sighed.

"Looks like i'm gonna have to hold it until the mission is over. No problem..wouldn't be the first time i've had to do this." Rouge said to herself again. The ding coming from the elevator caught her attention and she very quickly flew towards the ceiling. When the door opened,She waited there for a few seconds before exiting.

###

"Ugh....Where am i supposed to look?" Rouge thought. She had through many rooms and she didn't see anything that would explain what Dr. Eggman has been up to. Rouge admitted to herself that she might have underestimated how badly she needed to go. Her need to pee had only grown with each passing minute and now she was having a hard time focusing. She was starting to consider hiding somewhere and taking care of business. But she decided against it. as not only would it take a while for her to get out of her suit,but she would also be leaving evidence of her presence behind. Now she just wanted to complete the mission as fast as possible so that she could have a pee break. But Eggman's base was massive and she still had a lot of rooms left to explore.

"Man,those crates are heavy..." A robotic voice said,catching Rouges attention. She quickly flew towards the ceiling and clung unto it like...well,a bat. That's when she spotted two familiar robots; Orbot and Cubot.

"Try to be careful with them. The boss said that these parts are important for his plan." Orbot said.

"Why did the boss send us to do this again?" Cubot asked.

"The boss wanted us to make ourselves useful. He was getting sick and tired of us just sitting around and goofing off." Orbot replied.

"Why is he collecting those rings anyways? They seem to behave just like the Chaos Emeralds." Cubot asked.

"Apparently he's planning to use them to transform Metal Sonic." Orbot answered.

"But....Can't the Chaos Emeralds already do that?" Cubot asked.

"The boss said something about how the rings gave him a different form." Orbot said. Rouge smirked as she eavesdropped their conversation.

"His plan involves rings? I wonder how valuable those rings are if they're just like Chaos Emeralds...." Rouge asked. She continued with her eavesdropping. But the pressure in her bladder made it difficult for her to pay attention to the conversation the two robots were having. Thankfully,She was able to catch one important detail; the rings were being kept in Eggman's Office. The position she was in made her feel incredibly uncomfortable,so she dropped from ceiling and flew in the same direction as the two robots.

###

Rouge stayed close to the ceiling while looking for Eggman's Office. Her legs were crossed and she had one of her hands between her thighs.

"Ugh...i really need to use the little bat's room. I didn't drink that much before the mission,did i?" Rouge thought. She gently landed on the floor and went through another door. She glanced up and saw a bigger door up ahead. She took a step towards it,but stiffened up upon feeling a pang in her body. She jammed both hands between her legs and rubbed them together.

"Well? Did you find the rest?!" A voice yelled from behind the door,startling Rouge. She hastily looked for a place to hide and ran towards the door. She then leaped towards the door and hid on top of the door frame,using her wings to keep her balance. The source of the voice soon stepped out of the room and turned out to be the Doctor himself; Eggman. He was holding a communication device and he seemed to be speaking with one of his minions.

"One at the Speed Slider,Huh? I guess i was right. They seemed to have returned to the zones they were found in." Eggman said. Rouge carefully hovered away from the door frame and backed into the room.

"Hurry up and collect them then. We're only missing 4 of them! We need to hurry up and collect them before that pesky blue hedgehog catches wind of this!" Eggman said while walking further away from the room. The closed and Rouge let out a sigh. Her bladder sent another signal,causing her to stiffen up again.

"Okay....I've gathered information. Just need to see these rings and then i'll be able to leave and take care of this." Rouge said. She once again started flapping her wings. She was hovering around the room and keeping both hands between her legs in an attempt to keep her bladder from letting it all loose. However,Her thoughts briefly moved away from her bladder upon seeing something shiny further in the room. There was an open space,with a decommissioned Metal Sonic standing in the Middle of 6 pillars. And on two of those pillars were two rings. One blue and one yellow.

"My. those two dumbots were right. They really do look like the Chaos Emeralds." Rouge said to herself. Her grin quickly turned to a grimace as her bladder once again tried it's hardest to release what it had been containing ever since the mission started. Rouge crossed her legs tighter and looked around the room.

"Looks like i have some new gems to add to my collection." Rouge said. She reached for the blue ring and grabbed it without a care in the world. But then....

What happened next startled her and nearly made involuntarily urinate. A loud alarm went off, Causing the door to open. Eggman entered the room and looked at the pillars.

"What the....YOU!!!" Eggman said. Rouge quickly grabbed the other ring and looked around for an escape. Thankfully,there seemed to be some air ducts that she could use. She put the Rings away and floated towards the air duct.

"DO NOT LET THAT BAT GET AWAY WITH THE RINGS!" Eggman shouted.

Rouge crawled to the vents as quickly as possible. Not only because of all the alarms going off,but because of her bladder urging her to do so as well. She used her wings to try and move faster,but the small amount of space she had made moving pretty difficult. To make matters worse,She saw more of those drones from earlier. and unfortunetaly,one of them had spotted her this time. Rouge quickly crawled away. And just in time,cause the drone had fired a laser. She continued crawling through the air ducts, All while having to avoid all the drones. After a while,she was able to get out of the building unharmed.

"Ohh~" The bat moaned. She had just prevented a leak from escaping. She quickly took flight and flew as fast as she could in spite of her bladder's protests. She looked back and her frustration only increased upon seeing some air based badniks chasing her. She gritted her teeth and started looking for somewhere she could hide. Soon,she spotted the same place she had seen before entering the base: Angel Island.

###

Rouge landed and hid behind a tree. While crossing her legs and rubbing them together, she peeked from behind the tree and looked around. By the looks of it,The robots had either stopped following her or they had lost her. Rouge smiled and took a look at the Chaos Rings she had retrieved. Looks like she had successfully accomplished another mission.

But with that came another objective: finding a way to relieve herself. As by now it was more than clear that she was not gonna be able to hold it until she returned to the base. She hastily got away from the tree and started looking for somewhere to relieve herself. She slightly hovered above the ground and used her hands to try to keep her bladder from letting go early. Her eyes then spotted a body of water surrounded by an altar. The sound of flowing water was the last thing she wanted to hear at a time like this. However,That's when she got an idea. She looked around to make sure the coast was clear. She then approached the body of water,using every bit of her strength to hold it in for a bit longer while ignoring the watery sounds. There were plenty of bushes,But for as desperate as she was right now,She was also feeling a little daring. Now close to the body of water,she quickly started unzipping her suit.

"Ugh...So inconvenient..." Rouge said as she struggled to pull down the zipper. Thankfully,she was able to pull it down without hold over her bladder. She pulled outfit down to her knees and a blush appeared on her face. She had been completely naked under the suit. She sat against the edge of the body of water and after making sure nobody was around one last time,she took a deep breath and let the floodgates open. A stream of pee crashed into the water below,the sound of it almost drowning out the sound of the river itself flowing.

"Haaaaaaaaahhhh....So good...." Rouge moaned. The pressure in her body now replaced with a feeling of pleasure. Her eyes slowly rolled back and her mouth was wide open,allowing a long sigh to escape from it. She closed her eyes while her bladder began shrinking. The noises of the island environment made her feel even more relaxed. She opened her eyes and looked around to see if she was still alone. Her heart was beating pretty fast. She was out in the open doing something incredibly indecent.

Any second now,somebody could walk in on her and see what she was doing. The thought made her feel somewhat embarrassed. But at the same time,it excited her. About half a minute had passed and nobody had come. Her stream was starting to weaken now and the feeling of relief had disappeared. Rough sighed and got up when her stream came to an end. She shook her rear a little in an attempt to get any remaining drops off,seeing as she had nothing to wipe with. The bushes were to far away from her spot and she wasn't sure if using leaves would be save. In the end,she put her suit back on and zipped it up. She felt a very small wet patch in her suit. But it was so small and her suit was black,so she doubted anyone was gonna notice.

"Haaaah...Well that was interesting. That might've been a better pay-off than getting these rings..." Rouge said with a blush still on her face. Now she only had one thing left to do; return to the base and give away the intel she had gathered. She also needed to find someway to keep the rings to herself,but that's something she wanted to worry about later. With nothing left to do on the island,Rouge flapped her wings again and gracefully took off. Bur unbeknownst to her, someone DID see what she had done.

Knuckles stepped out of the bushes,his face just a red as the rest of his body. He wasn't sure what to make of what he saw. One the one hand,he was very angry at Rouge for doing something so nasty on his island. One the other hand,He could've stopped her. But there was something about it that mind him stand there and watch instead. Completely confused,he returned to where he was before and sighed.

"At least she didn't take the Master Emerald this time..."

