Abby's origin story

Author: omojoe

*000*2021-02-19 02:49

- Hey! I know you are not supposed to let us, but still, I was wondering, could I please use the bathroom for a moment? - I pleaded.

- I am terribly sorry, but I am afraid you will have to wait for the seat belt sign to turn off. As you said, we are not supposed to let you. - The stewardess replied.

- Sure, no problem! I'll just wait then

I hadn't been very concerned with the situation before, but being forced to ask for permission to pee, and being denied, set something off in me.

- How bad is it? - My boyfriend Steve asked.

- Oh it's nothing, I just thought it would be nice to go while there is no line, you know

- I'm sorry we had to hurry to the boarding gate, I really should have paid more attention to the time!

- Don't blame yourself! It's my fault as much as yours, and I don't even have to go that bad.

- You know you can always tell me when you need to go, right?

- Of course! I just didn't have to go at the time

I was very sorry indeed that I didn't use the bathroom at the airport, but it wouldn't have made much of a difference. My real mistake was drinking over two liters of water right before boarding, hoping I'd be able to pee in the plane.

I am not exactly incontinent, but I have polyuria, which means my body produces too much urine. My case is mild enough that my doctor decided not to prescribe any medication for it. The only treatment I need, he said, was to drink more water, to prevent dehydration. He said the only side-effect would be having to make more trips to the bathroom.

It also had the side effect of almost making me wet myself in public from time to time, but although there have been times when I was in agony for hours, I've always somehow managed to make it to a bathroom. The last I didn't make it was in middle school, and it was one of the worst experiences in my life.

My doctor even gave me some advice on how to hold pee: sit still, spread your legs a little, unbuckle your belt, and try to distract yourself. Listen to music, read a book, do some meditation, anything to get your mind off the subject of peeing.

But NOT thinking about any topic is easier said than done, and especially when it comes to pee.

I badly wanted to grab my crotch, and nervously fidgeted with my hands, as if they were going to do it against my will. I opened the bag with my blanket, pulled it over my crotch, unzipped my pants, and started squeezing my peehole through my panties, thinking the blanket would hide it. To be extra sure, I took one shoe off and sat on my heel. This made it easier, but I still felt like I was going to explode.

- You know can tell me if something is bothering you, right?

- It's nothing, I just have to pee a little bit, so I'll try to distract myself.

- Do you want to talk a little bit?

- Thanks, but I think I'll look for something to watch.

I didn't even try to watch anything, because I was past the point of being able to concentrate. Listening to music helped a bit, but it was not enough.

Just as I was beginning to feel better, came a crushing wave of desperation. My other hand shot to my crotch, awkwardly trying not to let on that I was panicking, and failed to hold back a quiet whimper. I was visibly shaking.

- It's not actually a crime to go to the bathroom when the light is on, you know. If it's that bad, I think you should just go.

Thinking about it made me more desperate, and I crossed my legs.

- But the attendant just told me that I couldn't! Why would she let me go this time?

- She probably won't, but if you get there before anyone stops you, there is nothing they can do about it.

The plane rocked, and even sitting down, it was a miracle that I didn't completely pee myself. I crossed my legs again.

- You could just wait for the light to turn off, it probably won't be long, but I just hate seeing you like this.

- What do you mean 'like this'? - With my face bright red and covered in sweat, my torso rocking back and forth, and my legs always moving, I still held some hope that my situation wasn't obvious.

- You look like you're in so much pain.

I blushed even brighter, and had to concede.

- You're right, I'll see if I can make it.

I tried to put my shoe back on, and the moment I leaned over, and felt my bursting bladder being crushed, I gave up. Instead, I just used my bare foot to remove the other shoe. I lifted my cover, and when I remembered my fly was open, put it back on. Squeezing my crotch, I tried to close it, but my distended bladder wouldn't let me even come close. The waist in my pants would have to be five inches wider. I gave up again and decided to just try to hide it with my shirt.

I lifted the blanket again, and gasped at what had become of my bladder. I didn't know it was possible for a bladder to bulge out like that. I looked pregnant. I caressed it, almost proud that my body was able to hold such a ludicrous amount of urine, but the lightest touch felt like a crushing weight. It was rock-hard, and looked like it couldn't hold even one more drop.

Then I started the process of standing up. Not even halfway up, I started shaking with desperation, and spurted into my panties for the first time in years.

- I can't do it!

He took my hand, and with the other one he lightly pushed my back.

- Yes you can! Come on.

I finally stood up, it somehow got even worse. I grabbed my crotch and tried to hunch over, but there wasn't enough room between the seats. I adjusted my shirt to cover my fly one last time and set out on the journey to pee.

"don't pee don't pee don't pee" I repeated to myself.

I hobbled to the bathroom as fast as a desperate woman could, with my knees glued together, and my fists clenched, trying to resist the temptation to grab my crotch. When I saw the door for that blessed toilet, I almost started peeing from the anticipation. I tried with all of my willpower not to think of the desperate PEE I was about to take, and

- Miss, I will have to ask you to return to your seat.

I pretended I didn't hear that, because I refused to believe it. There is no way I can be this unlucky. It felt like the end of the world.

- Miss! Are you listening? - The stewardess barked, as she blocked my way to the bathroom.

- Please, I just need to pee...

- You are not allowed to stand up during...

- Please please PLEASE you don't understand I really need to pee I am about to pee my pants if I don't get to a bathroom please...

The plane rocked, and I had by far the worst leak yet. With one hand, I grabbed the wall, and with the other I held my crotch, which was noticeably warm and wet. A few drops fell to the ground. I heard the word "pee" from the passengers behind me, glanced at them, and think I saw a group of people laughing at me. I am not sure, because I couldn't bear to look at them. I was straining to hold back tears. With my hand still on my crotch, and hopping from foot to foot I whispered

I can't hold it a second longer I'm going to

You almost hurt yourself now! Go back to your seat and I...

At this point tears started running down my face.

PLEASE!

You will be arrested upon landing if you...

I felt so humiliated from crying in front of her that I gave up and went back to my seat, before she finished the sentence. With my remaining hand, I wiped some of my tears away, looking down in order not to see if anyone else was laughing. I didn't even think about removing my hand from my crotch.

Before I even sat down, he asked

- What happened?

- I am going to pee my pants! - I whimpered between my sobs.

- It's ok! If...

- It's not ok! Everyone is going to laugh at me!"

- Even if anyone does, you have nothing to be embarrassed of! You held it as long as you could, but everyone, no matter how strong, has a limit!

- Aren't you going to be embarrassed of being next to me?

- Of course not, I just don't want you to suffer anymore! Just think how much better you will feel...

It was the only thing I could think about. About all of the tension leaving my body as I relieved myself, about the strangely comfortable warm wetness, about finally being able to relax.

I would feel so fucking good to just PEE

In my defense, I resisted the idea for a good ten seconds, and finally decided to pee "a little bit to relieve the pressure". My crotch was already visibly wet, and little more pee wouldn't hurt, as I thought.

The moment I let go was one of the best sensations I'd ever felt. I had forgotten what it was like NOT to be desperate, and it was even better than I remembered. Muscles that I didn't even realize were tensed up were able to relax for the first time since the nightmare began. I realized I had been panting, and could finally take a deep breath.

"It couldn't hurt to pee for another two seconds...” I thought.

I threw my head back and my eyes rolled over as I stopped caring about the embarrassment. I was even getting used to the feeling of warm wetness, which felt utterly humiliating just a couple seconds ago. I should have done this before!

"Fuck this feels so GOOD"

About five seconds in, I realized I wasn't going to stop peeing any time soon, and let it all out at full force. It started making a slight hissing sound, which, by that point, didn't disturb me. I looked down at the mess, and my pee was pooling between my legs so fast that it was about to overflow and fall on the ground. I spread my legs, giving more room for the little pool, and covered the whole seat. The shallower parts of the pool were absorbed, but it was still growing with my torrent of pee.

This awakened feelings I hadn't thought about in decades. The idea that wetting myself could feel kind of nice was surreal, but somehow oddly familiar at the same time. It was like dipping into a warm bath after a long and exhausting day at work.

Then the plane rocked, sending my pee flying through the air. Most landed back on me, wetting the front of my pants, and some of my shirt. Some landed on Steve's thigh, and although he pretended not to notice, I started begging for forgiveness.

- Oh God I'm so sorry I can’t believe it I’m so disgusting

- It’s ok honey

I began to slip back to reality, and remember it was considered a little weird to piss your pants in public and get off on it. What was I thinking? Did I really just forget my potty training?

I felt disgusting. Not only because I was soaked with my urine, but because there was something deeply wrong with me. Why was I enjoying it, even as I thought about how disgusting it was? Was I *really* enjoying it, or did my brain trick me into believing I was, so my bladder wouldn't explode? Would it even matter? It was probably a weird physiological thing. When I finally stopped peeing, I thought, this confusion would lift, and I would be horrified at what just happened.

When my bladder was about halfway full, my puddle of pee was so wide it was almost spilling over. I spread my legs even more, and as my stream began to taper off, the lake began to recede. I was relieved the experience was ending, but on some level disappointed. On some level I thought it’d be funny if it spilled, but the rational part of my brain was outraged that I even considered that.

With my bladder no longer bursting, I was a different person. The pleasure disappeared, and I felt ashamed. I tried to remember if I knew anyone who'd had a humiliating accident like mine, and I couldn't. For everyone else, peeing is a simple matter: you feel an urge and hold it until an appropriate time. You just hold it. It's not supposed to be a difficult. But not for me, of course not. For me, holding it is a struggle for dear life. Time and time again, I find myself pee dancing like a baby, letting everyone see how pathetic I am, and now the worst case scenario just happened. I peed my pants. The whole plane must reek of urine by now. My white pants are so drenched they are transparent. When I get up, everyone will see the unmistakable wet patch of a pee accident.

He awkwardly tried to break the glass:

- You really had to go, right?”

- I am not finished.

- Ok, uhh, take your time"

There was no puddle anymore, and the stream had slowed down to a trickle, but I was still peeing, after God knows how long. The seat was almost completely soaked, and parts of my pants were beginning to feel cold. I knew I would miss the warmth. Tears began to well up again, and I had no strength to hold them back. Why would I be embarrassed of crying, right after completely wetting myself?

I couldn’t help thinking about the time this happened in middle school. The entire class made fun of me for years. My "friends" were embarrassed of being seen with me. My brother continues to "tease" me for it even today, and if I tell him how much it hurts, I'll look even more pathetic. And that's because I was a child. Now I was a grown adult. I started sobbing loudly. Steve tried to lay his hand on my shoulder, and I moved away.

- I'm so sorry this ...

- I am so disgusting!

- You are not. This could happen to anyone, and it doesn't make you any less worthy.

- But this is so embarrassing!

- Why is it?

- What do you mean? Because it's something babies do, because you're supposed to hold it as long as you need!?

- No one can hold "as long as they need". Everyone has a limit, and past that point, you lose control of your bladder.

- But I could've held it longer, if I wasn't so lazy! I wanted to pee so bad that I just stopped holding for a moment, but I couldn’t stop.

- Don't talk about yourself like that! If this happened to a friend of yours, would you insult them, or would you try make them feel better?

- I'd be nice, I guess...

- What if I told you that you already have a friend who had an accident like yours?

- Seriously? How old were you?

- 21

- Oh God!

- Yeah, I was on a bus, going back home after work. I already had to pee when I got on, and then it got stuck on a traffic jam. When I realized I wasn't going to make it, I got off on the next stop and peed my pants almost immediately. So what? Are you going to breakup with me now that you know I'm a disgusting pants pisser?

- No!

- And I don’t even have an excuse like yours! Even if this happened every day, you would have no reason to be embarrassed. Those kids in middle school treated you like that because children are evil. In real life, it is no big deal.

- I am just dreading the moment when I have to stand up...

- Are your pants all wet, or just your thighs?

- Just my thighs.

- So why don't you tie my hoodie around your waist when we get up?

- Yes, that'd be great! And what if I spilled some juice on my lap to hide the smell?

- Yeah, sure! And what if we asked if they have another seat for you?

- Don't bother, it'll only be another hour, and besides, I don't want to ruin another seat.

- Are you going to be comfortable?

- I think I'll be fine!

*002*2021-02-23 00:38

{{1 hour ago, pguy69 said:

This is great! Love the imagery of her making a frantic dash, only to be denied when she was so close to the relief she NEEDED so badly! Great work!

}}

Glad to hear you liked it! This is my first story, so I had no idea what the response was going to be like.

Also, sorry that I accidentally the formatting, I should have known that copying it from Word was a bad idea.

*003*2021-02-23 04:54

{{5 hours ago, pguy69 said:

This is great! Love the imagery of her making a frantic dash, only to be denied when she was so close to the relief she NEEDED so badly! Great work!

}}

I'm so sorry, I didn't realize you already had a character named Abby! And the bus story was one of the best I've ever read too! I hope you don't mind me accidentally intruding into the Abby lore

