The Whisper of the River

Author: Olfa

*000*2025-01-20 19:03

Elena had spent the entire day exploring a new trail near her home, carrying her sketchbook and a bottle of water. The forest surrounding the river was serene, with the constant sound of flowing water accompanying her thoughts as she drew. Losing herself in the details of the plants and birds she observed always calmed her, but it also made her lose track of time—and often, of her own needs.

The sun was beginning to dip behind the trees, painting the sky in warm hues, when Elena felt a growing pressure in her abdomen. She stopped by the river, assessing the situation. “I can hold it until I get to the car,” she told herself, but the distance was greater than she remembered, and each step made her need more urgent.

As she continued down the trail, she started glancing around, looking for a discreet corner where she could relieve herself. She ventured into some bushes but felt exposed and vulnerable. The branches cracked under her feet, and the fear of someone appearing made her retreat.

A little further ahead, she found a fallen log that seemed to offer some privacy, but its proximity to the main path left her uneasy. “I can’t do it here,” she muttered, adjusting her backpack with frustration. The pressure kept building, and each failed attempt made her feel more impatient and awkward.

Elena returned to the main trail, her face tense as she tried to maintain control. She scolded herself for not paying attention to her need earlier. But no matter how hard she tried, it seemed she couldn’t find the right place or moment to let go of the growing tension in her abdomen.

At last, she arrived at a clearing where the river widened, forming a quiet, tranquil pool. The sound of the flowing water only intensified her need, but it also offered a sense of calm. She looked around, making sure no one was nearby. The shadows of the tall trees and the soft murmur of the water created an intimate, sheltered atmosphere.

“What if… I just let it happen?” The thought surprised her, but the idea of giving in had a strange appeal. There was no one to see her, and the freedom the forest offered contrasted with her internal struggle.

Elena took a deep breath and closed her eyes, allowing the tension in her body to fade. At first, it was just a small trickle, but soon a warm flow began to run down her thighs, soaking her shorts. The contrast with the cool evening air was overwhelming, sending a tingle through her entire body.

The sound of water hitting the leaves below her blended with the river’s melody, and Elena felt her body completely relax. There was something incredibly freeing about stopping the fight, about letting nature take control. An unexpected wave of pleasure coursed through her, leaving a faint tremble in her legs.

When it was over, Elena opened her eyes and watched the last rays of sunlight illuminate the water. Her breathing was slow, her mind calm. Despite the embarrassment that tried to creep into her thoughts, there was something deeply comforting about what had just happened.

Elena crouched by the river, washing her hands and letting the cold water cool her flushed cheeks. She looked at her reflection in the water, noticing a faint smile on her lips. It was an experience she wouldn’t have planned, but one that somehow made her feel more connected to herself.

She picked up her backpack and continued down the trail toward home, her steps lighter, her mind filled with new and curious thoughts. She didn’t fully understand it yet, but she knew that feeling of freedom was something she wouldn’t forget.

