Valerie 10: Ondine

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-05-16 22:12

ONDINE

As we stood together on the grass near the pool, pissing through our shorts, I reflected that Jack had adjusted to life at the Tuscan villa remarkably well.

The family had been taking their summer holidays here for many years, often spending most of the day around the swimming pool set in the villa's extensive grounds. Angela always insisted that everybody drank plenty of water to avoid dehydration in the hot weather so the need for a pee came round every couple of hours or so. Rather than making the long walk back to the house the girls would just pee in their swimwear and it was considered tactful for the men to do the same rather than taking the easy option of going behind a bush. From the first day of his visit Jack had adopted the custom and it now seemed as natural to him as it did to the rest of us.

Angela, the girls' mother, put down her novel, stood up and squatted beside her chair, arms resting on shapely thighs. A steady stream of pee pattered on to the flagstones a few inches below her, pooling before slowly soaking away. She held the pose as the stream became a trickle, then droplets. Then she stood up and bent over to arrange a folded towel over the cushions of her chair, revealing a large, round patch of wetness on the bottom of her teal-coloured designer swimsuit. Pee that had remained trapped in the fabric ran in rivulets down her thighs and dripped on to the ground .as she moved.

"I must say the ladies look hot when they pee so casually" Jack confided to me. "I had never realised that a girl wetting herself could be erotic until....well, um, an incident with Emily..." He looked embarrassed.

"Don't worry!" I replied. "Emily told Valerie all about it. I was wondering what they were giggling about so she gave me an edited version - she said the full details were not fit for my tender young ears. You'd better know that those three girls have no secrets from each other!"

We walked back to the poolside where Emily, elegant in a large sunhat and a yellow bikini, stood up and took Jack's hand. They wandered into the maze of paths that threaded the shrubbery between the pool and the old wrought-iron gazebo in the distance. When they returned it was clear to see that Emily had wet herself during their walk.

For the next hour or so I lay on a sun-lounger, enjoying the warmth and drowsily watching the patterns of light and shadow on the sun umbrella above me. Valerie lay on the lounger beside me, wearing a patterned tankini top over matching tight-fitting boy-shorts. Eventually she gave me a nudge. "Come on lazybones, time for a dip in the pool! Let's see who can do the fastest length." She pulled her sun-lounger out from the shade of our umbrella into the full sun and rearranged it to lie flat. Then she straightened up and stood still. Her boy-shorts darkened and streams of pee traced their way down the insides of her legs, pooling on the flagstones around her bare feet as she gazed across the garden. When she had finished I followed her towards the Roman steps at the end of the pool and we immersed ourselves in the cool water.

After our swim, we both lay face down on our sun-loungers, drying off int the sun and dozing in the heat. Through half-closed eyes I saw Amanda, gorgeous in a floral print mini sundress, a white floppy hat and large dark sunglasses, put down her reader and take a few steps on to the grass. She placed her hands on her hips beneath her dress, placed her feet wide apart and let go. As she peed she looked idly down at the stream sparkling in the sunlight as it fell and splashed in a puddle between her bare feet. She returned to her chair and sat on her towel, arranging her dress clear of her scarlet tie-up bikini briefs, now wet between the legs. She picked up her reader again and settled down to dry off in the warmth of the afternoon.

###

That evening we dined under the pergola in the garden. By the time we had finished eating the sun had set and the afterglow was fading from the cloudless sky but the sultry heat of the day persisted. The girls lit candles on the table whilst Peter, Jack and I carried the debris of the meal into the villa and loaded the dishwasher, returning with grappa, limoncello and water bottles.

We lingered for hours around the table, nobody was inclined to go indoors on such a warm night and the water bottles circulated freely. Jack told a hilarious story a story about an instructor at his flying school who was known to the students as Captain Bligh. We were all laughing and Amanda, who had been wriggling in her seat suddenly gasped "I need a wee!" She jumped to her feet and ran into the darkness, leaving a trail of droplets on the stones as she went. AS soon as she was out of sight the sound of pee splashing on to stone carried clearly in the still night. As she sat down again she expertly flicked the back of her sundress clear.

Eventually the party started to break up. Amanda yawned, wished us all good night and went inside. Peter and Angela went for a stroll in the night garden. Jack took Emily by the hand and led her into the house. "They'll be at it like bunnies in less than five minutes!" Valerie predicted.

She stood up and went to sit on my lap. "Oh no you don't" I exclaimed, standing up quickly. "I've been caught like that once too often and these are my last clean pair of shorts!"

"Spoilsport!" Valerie retorted with a pout. She stood still. I took her in my arms and sought to console her with a kiss, whilst slipping a hand under her pink miniskirt. "I'm doing a wee, you idiot!" she warned me, slightly too late.

When Valerie had stopped giggling and I had dried my hand on a tissue, she said "Come on, let's take a walk before we go to bed. There's something I have been meaning to show you."

She led me along one of the moonlit paths through the shrubbery. In the far distance, beyond the pool I could see Peter waiting whilst Angela stood still, legs apart. Eventually we emerged on to a small terraced area where the air was cool and moist. In front of us was a semicircular water feature cut into the hillside, with ferns growing out of cracks in the old stonework. At the centre, the bronze figure of a nymph held a pitcher from which water, fed from a natural spring, slowly trickled into the pond at her feet. The name 'Ondine' was barely discernible on the lichen-covered pedestal.

Valerie sat on a stone bench, taking care to lift her miniskirt clear of her wet knickers. "This was one of my favourite places when I was a young girl" she said as she gazed wistfully at the little statue. "I used to pretend that the nymph was real and had magical powers to make people happy." She gave me a tender smile. "Maybe she has."

*003*2018-05-18 18:44

Lhansen, that paragraph was crafted with you in mind!

*004*2018-05-18 19:59

{{4 hours ago, lhansen said:

I still think the girls mother, Angela is the sexiest one. Just the thought of her peeing in her "teal colored designer swimsuit" is too much. Bending over to display the large wet patch covering her beautiful ass is simply amazing. Must have been quite a sight.

It must have been a fun afternoon watching her as the wetness slowly dried until all that remained was the dried pee stain. Sounds as though she peed in the same suit later while walking with her husband. Someone should have checked out her swimsuit later in the laundry room.

}}

*005*2018-05-18 20:05

I had assumed that Angela had showered and changed before dinner but thinking about it, maybe not. The girls were duty chefs that night (the girls and boys take it in turns) so maybe she just put a sundress on over her swimsuit. That would make going to the loo rather time-consuming, which would account for the puddle on the terrace just outside the kitchen french windows.

*007*2018-05-19 13:22

{{16 hours ago, Dealer said:

Another marvellous chapter: in this one pee scenes are a lot! And I'm not complaining... I love your writing skills and how you are devoted to this amazing saga. Compliments!

Personally, I still think Valerie is my favourite character, but that little rascal Amanda and her laughing accident got me, really. Maybe you can make me change my mind, or maybe not...

In the end, being Italian and having lived in Siena (Tuscany) for long time, this serie amazes me even more! A little question: did you use the name 'Ondine', aka little waves in Italian, on purpouse?

}}

Ondine (or Undine) is a mythical water nymph but the name could well have the same Latin origin as the Italian for wave. I believe that Ondinist is the French word for someone with our interests - trust the French to make something sexy sound poetical!

$$

*009*2018-05-19 20:20

{{6 hours ago, Dealer said:

Thanks for the explanation. I totally agree with you about the French

Now this makes sense:

$$

}}

Hmmm.....not sure I would trust her to bring happiness!

