Peenapped

Author: Omoraspee

*000*2017-11-26 02:08

Hi hope you in joy this

Emma woke up in a room, with no idea how she got their.

Her head pounding, the events that had lead up to her to be here slowly trickled In to her brain. the day had started as it all was did. the alarm had woken her up to early for her taste. she had got ready for work. She took a shower and eaten a quick breakfast of toast and then she walk down to the bus stop. After waiting for a few minutes the bus arrived she got on and the sat down. She felt a twinge in her bladder but wasn’t to consider her stop was only seven or eight stops away. A few stops ladder a man got on the waring a expensive looking suit. Suits where not that uncommon on the bus but this was dripping money the kind of suit that rich Hollywood executives where.

And sat down next to her when she got off, so did he. As she she walk past a aly the guy right behind her.

He grabbed her arm “some ones getting mugged he said she look and saw it was true a guy was laying on the ground with a gun in his face. Without thinking she ran in to the ally her leggs pumping her bladder by now a dull ache in her crouch. she tried to slam in to the guy with a the gun but she instead laded on the ground she looked around confused where was the guy she looked around they where gone but the Suit guy was walking towards her she got up and asked where did they go? Not really expecting a answer but to he did sort of “they where never there” he said. “What” She said.

It was a hologram.

He got out his phone a pressed a button a solded wall appeared out of nowhere she started to run but he then hit a button And a she fell to the ground her bladder leaking and her vision went black.

Chapter two

She slowly got up her head still ponding but fading fast. she looked around the room. the room was fairly large with five or six bunk beds. She got up looking around she saw a doorway. Heading out she entered a room 7 or 8 girls where in the room the aperd to be some sort of living room with several doors. The girl where laying around and with a jolt she realized that about have where Warring diapers a she walked her bladder filled up unnatural fast she stumbled her bladder screaming in pain unable to stop she started to pee her panty growing damp she looked down at a growing puddle. That’s when they notice her. Looks like your awake newbie

She stared in confusion. what the heck is going on she said a bit frantically. She started to inhale and xhale. She have a panic attack one of the girls in a diaper said. The same girl said listen my names amber and you going to be ok

