Relaxing at the Last Resort (A Princess Peach Short (Luigi`s Mansion 3))

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-01-16 20:33

"Is the everything in the hotel up to your expectations, your highness?" The hotel owner asked.

"Y-Yes, It's quite the wonderful place." Peach said with a smile.

"Is everything alright, princess?" The blue Toad behind her table asked.

"Yes, i'm just...very amazed by how...dazzling this hotel looks." Peach said.

"That means a lot to us, your highness. Here at the Last Resort, We go all out for our guests." The hotel owner said. A waiter approached the table and held a teapot.

"More Koopa Leaf Tea, your highness?" The waiter asked. Peach smiled nervously and raised her hand. She clutched the front of her dress and shook her head.

"No thank you." She replied. She got up from the table and a few of the hotel staff began escorting her through the Mezzanine. Sweat rolled down Peach's cheeks are her eyes darted back and forth between the waitresses. Soon they reached the elevator and with the press of a button, the lift began taking them to floor 5. Peach's eyes kept darting back and forth. Her body shifting around uncomfortably.

"Are you sure you're feeling okay, your highness?"

"Y-Yes! Elevators just make me feel nervous, that's all!" Peach said, Louder than she intended. The staff nodded and kept looking in front of them. Peach continued shimmying while waiting for the elevator to reach the 5th floor. Why was the Princess feeling so nervous? Well for one, the hotel staff. Something about them just seemed off. Their mouths didn't move at all when they talked, they all had the same facial expression and she could've sworn she saw one floating while she was in the lobby. Though, she chalked that last one up to her needing to rest after a long trip. A sense of relief flowed in once she heard the *ding* from the elevator and the door opened.

"Alright your highness. if you need anything from us, just ring the bell in your room." the Staff said.

"Thank you for your services. And once again, thank you for inviting me." Princess Peach said as she waved at the staff. The elevator closed and Peach and the toad began making their way back to their respective rooms.

"Good night,Princess!" Toad said. Peach waved back and opened the door to her room. She closed the door and let out a sigh. Now that she was alone, she clutched the front of her dress once more and crossed her legs. With no eyes on her anymore, she was finally able to do something about the pressure that had been building up in her bladder. The hotel's tea was delicious. So delicious that Peach had overdone it a little and was now paying the price for it. Thankfully, now that she was in the privacy of her own hotel room, she could take care of business without hesitation. She speed walked towards the bathroom door and immediately went inside. Peach turned around and there it was. A toilet glowing and glistering right in front of her eyes, almost as if it was inviting her.

.....And that isn't an exaggeration. The toilet was glowing and sparkling. As was most of the bathroom. And her entire room. Almost as if everything was made out of gold.

"Eeep!" Peach squeaked. She hastily made her way to the toiled and lifted the lid up. She hiked up her dress and hastily pulled down her panties. She draped the front of her dress and sat down. As soon as her rear made contact with the toilet seat, the entire dam broke lose. Out came a powerful gold colored stream of water. The sound of it splattering against the bowl and splashing into the water below quickly taking over the silence that was there before.

The painful twinges her body had constantly given her was quickly replaced by an overwhelming feeling of relief and Peach couldn't keep herself from closing her eyes letting out a long sigh. The noises coming out of her mouth would've sounded unprincess-like to anyone listening. But thankfully, she was all alone now. So she relaxed and enjoyed the release she had been craving.

She opened her eyes and looked for something to keep her occupied while her bladder was still emptying itself. She couldn't help but be amazed at just how....Luxurious the hotel looked. Sure, she was a princess. A luxurious room was hardly and uncommon sight for her. But that still didn't seem to stop her from feeling amazed. They really went all out.

Or so she thought.

Cause suddenly, all the light in the bathroom disappeared. Like the power had suddenly gone out. This startled Peach and the bathroom had suddenly become a lot more creepy now. Thankfully, her stream had come to and end. All she had to do now was wipe and then she could ask the staff what happened. She grabbed a roll of toilet paper and wiped herself with it before tossing it into the toilet bowl. She reached for her ankles and grabbed the waist of her panties, her rear hovering right above the toilet seat when suddenly.....

"EEEP!" Peach yelped and turned around and stumbled forward. Nearly tripping over her heels. She pulled her panties up and took a second to catch her breath. Something or someone had touched her butt just now. She turned around and her heart nearly stopped when she saw a monstrous claw sticking out of the toilet bowl. while holding the piece of paper she had just dropped.

Peach let out a scream and hastily reached for the door. But to her horror, the door wouldn't open. She bashed her body against the door and through the small gap, she could see that someone had barricaded the door with her luggage. The claw sank back in the toilet and water began shooting out of the toilet.

"W-What's going on?!" Peach asked as she leaned her back against the door. She could hear laughter coming from the toilet. A bejeweled crown hovered out of the toilet and began glowing until...

"BOO!!!!!!"

###

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" A female voice yelled. Luigi jumped out of bed and took a second to catch his breath. The lights in his room were gone and the room was no longer as shiny and luxurious as it was when he first got here. In fact,it now looked like something ripped out of a horror movie. He grabbed is flashlight and slowly approached the door to see where that scream came from.

"H-Hello?"

###

This short was just the result of me playing Luigi's Mansion 3 and thinking..."There's so many bathrooms in this game." Which you know, the game takes place in a hotel,so it makes sense.

The funny thing is,Some of the woman's restrooms in the game are blocked.

I thought i could make a desperation story out of that, But Peach is the only female character in the game that isn't a ghost and she spends the entire game being kidnapped. So i decided to do a short instead.

