Desperate in the World of Light: Wii Fit Trainer

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-09-06 23:57

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

This is also the second story i've written involving Wii Fit Trainer. If you want to see the first story,here's the link:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/49660-need-to-wii-wii-fit-trainer/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1624492&embedComment=1624492&embedDo=findComment#comment-1624492"

Now then....Let's begin.....

$$

In the middle of a town,two smashers were fighting against each other. Nobody knew the real names of these smashers. One of then was called "Villager". Villager was sent flying by the other smasher,the "Wii Fit Trainer".

After being captured by the lord of light,Villager was freed by Mario and Kirby. He then decided to split up with the two in order to find the fighters faster. Shortly after that,he entered the town and found Wii Fit Trainer. Now all that was left was to free her from her possession.

Villager summoned Lloid and mounted him like a vehicle. The two then flew forward and rammed into the Trainer,Knocking her down in the process. While she was down,Villager pulled out a bowling ball and dropped it on her. Villager's surroundings briefly turned red as the ball made contact with her body.

The trainer lost her consciousness and the evil aura she had around her body disappeared.

"Hmm....huh?" The trainer opened her eyes. Her pupils were no longer red. She got up and looked at villager,who simply smiled.

"Thanks for saving me." The trainer said as she shook the villager's hand. The villager looked around and saw a giant bridge up ahead.

"Maybe we can find some fighters on that bridge! Let's go see!" Villager said as he started running towards the bridge. The Wii Fit Trainer stretched her legs and proceeded to jog behind the Villager.

While she was jogging,she started feeling some pressure. Her bladder must've been filling while she was possessed. And it seems like she was possessed for quite a while,as the pressure she was feeling was pretty strong. While jogging,she looked around. The town she was jogging through was an absolutely ghost town. There were a lot of buildings,but no residents.

"Perhaps I should ask the villager if i can stop by the restroom...." the trainer thought to herself.

"Excuse me....huh?" The trainer stopped jogging. Villager was nowhere in sight. She looked in front of her and saw villager running further up ahead. And even further ahead was the bridge that Villager mentioned earlier.

The trainer sighed and resumed her jog. despite the Villager being way ahead of her,she kept jogging at her own steady pace. After what seemed like a minute,villager made it to the bridge. He slowed his walking down and then he completely stopped once he was at the middle of the bridge.

"Hmm...No fighters here...huh?" Villager looked over the fence of the bridge. He had a full view of the town they were just in. A few seconds after the villager stopped,Wii Fit Trainer made it to the middle of the bridge.

"Trainer! Look!" Villager said with excitement. He pointed at the city they were just in.

"Doesn't this look beautiful?" Villager asked,still amazed by the view. Unbeknownst to him,the Wii Fit Trainer had her attention on something else. She placed her hands between her legs. The pressure she felt seemed to have gotten stronger during her jogging.

She was about to ask the Villager if she could go back to the town to visit the ladies room,when suddenly an explosion went off.

The duo turned their attention to the forest that was at the other side of the bridge. Without saying a word,Villager summoned Lloid and flew towards the forest. The trainer placed her hands on her belly and took a few deep breaths. Afterwards,she started jogging again.

5 minutes passed by and the villager was standing at a spot covered in ashes. While the villager was looking around for the source of the explosion,the Wii Fit Trainer caught up.

"Hmm? What's this?" The trainer said as she picked up a lid. Villager grabbed the lid and inspected it. The lid had "Hogan's Alley" written on it.

"This....This is one of Duck Hunt's cans...wich means...." Villager said to himself. Right on cue,a loud bark echoed through the forest. A dog jumped over some bushes and started barking at the Villager. This dog had a duck on his back.

"Duck Hunt!" Villager yelled. The dog barked angrily at the villager. His eyes were red and he had the same evil aura as all the other puppets Villager encountered.

Wii Fit Trainer raised both of her hands and created a yellow ball of energy. While she was doing that,Villager pulled out some boxing gloves and started punching the dog repeatedly. The dog jumped back and threw a Clay Pigeon at the two. Villager pocketed the Pigeon and threw it back at the dog. The dog dodged the pigeon,but was hit by a solar ball.

Villager turned around and saw Wii Fit Trainer giving him a thumbs up.

The dog got up,but was quickly hit by an umbrella from Villager. While he was stumbling back,The trainer jogged towards the dog and struck him with her Warrior Pose. Upon performing this pose,the trainer could her the urine in her bladder sloshing inside her.

The trainer crossed her legs after executing this pose and looked at the dog. The aura around it slowly disappeared and the dog slowly regained his consciousness. After opening his eyes,the dog barked happily and tackled villager.

"Hehe,I'm happy to see you too bud.." Villager said as he patted the dogs back. The dog started licking his face and causing him to giggle.

"Excuse me...Villager?" The trainer interrupted. The dog got off from the villager and helped him get up.

"Can we go back to the town? Maybe there are some fighters we missed there." The trainer said said as she stretched her shoulders,Trying her best to hide her need.

Villager rubbed his chin for a few seconds and then nodded. The trio started leaving the forest and making their way back to the forest.

However,Upon reaching the bridge the Duck Hunt Dog stopped following the two humans and started walking towards a bush.

"Huh? Where are you going,bud?" Villager said. This got the attention of the Wii Fit Trainer. The dog stopped in front of a bush,lifted his leg and started peeing on said bush. The dog had a look of relief on his face,while the duck on his back was quacking in disgust.

The trainer placed her hands between her legs and looked away. Despite her eyes no longer being on the dog,the sound of his stream was still torturing her.

No matter how desperate she got,Wii Fit Trainer never liked peeing out in the open. There were a lot of times where she would hold in her pee in for long periods of time because she preferred using actual toilets. She started fidgeting while she had her hands between her legs and tried her best to keep her bladder under control. Suddenly,another explosion went off. This time,it came from the town.

"Uh oh...Looks like we have to get there fast..." Villager said to the two. The Duck on the Dog's back started flapping his wings and carrying the two away from the bridge. Villager pulled out a helmet with two balloons on it and put it on.

He then jumped off the bridge and started floating by flapping his arms.

"Grab on!" Villager shouted to the trainer. The trainer hesitated for a bit before grabbing his leg.

"Here we go!" The trainer stepped off the fence of the bridge while clinging onto the Villager. The duo slowly started descending towards the town below,with the Duck Hunt Duo flying right next to them.

After 45 seconds,the trio landed in the middle of the town. Upon landing,the trainer quickly grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs. The impact of the landing nearly caused some pee to escape from her bladder.

"Look out! The villager shouted!

The trainer gasped and backflipped away from the spot. She landed with one hand between her legs.

The trainer heard some loud footsteps. She slowly moved her hands away from her crotch and looked at the approaching figure. The figure was a Dr. Mario puppet made out of Metal.

The villager caught the Metal Doctor with his net,But the doctor ripped the net and punched the villager. While the villager was stunned from the hit,the Doctor charged up some electricity and struck the villager with it. This sent the villager flying.

The trainer threw a football in the air and knocked it towards the doctor. The ball managed to hit the door,but he barely flinched. The doctor turned around and started walking towards the trainer. Suddenly a reticle appeared on his body. The metal doctor got shot 3 times by an unknown person. The doctor turned around and saw the Duck Hunt Dog laughing at him. The doctor cracked his knuckles and made a dash towards the dog.

The dog yelped and threw a Clay Pigeon at him. He got hit by the Pigeon,but kept walking like he wasn't hit. The dog panicked and cowered in fear. The doctor closed his fist. but before he could throw a punch,he was hit by a solar projectile. This time,the projectile wad powerful enough to make him flinch.

The metal doctor turned around to see Wii Fit Trainer saluting the sun. The doctor turned around and ran towards the trainer. The doctor threw a couple of punches,wich the trainer dodged by performing a half moon pose. The trainer then struck him with the Warriors pose.

The doctor took a few steps back and roundhouse kicked her in the belly. The impact of the attack nearly caused her to lose control of her bladder. She quickly jogged away from the doctor while keeping one hand between her legs. The doctor ran towards her again with his fists closed.

Wii Fit Trainer charged up another solar ball and fired it at the doctor. The ball collided with the doctor and knocked him down. While he was down,the villager ran up to him and dropped a bowling ball on him.

The doctor slowly got up while clenching his stomach. He grabbed the villager and slammed him into the ground. Before the doctor could do anything else however,he was hit in the face by a football. The doctor around to see the Wii Fit Trainer jogging towards him. The trainer tried to strike him with the dancer pose,but the doctor ducked under the attack and punched her in the belly again.

The Trainer fell on her knees,with both hands between her legs. Using all her strength to prevent her bladder from leaking. As she was focusing on her bladder,she felt a shadow looming over her. The metal doctor charged up some electricity.

But before he could strike her,he got hit on the head by an explosive can. The explosion knocked him away from the trainer. The Duck Hunt duck jumped over the smoke of the explosion and helped the trainer get up.

The trainer kept both her hands between her legs. She crossed her legs started bouncing. She heard the Duck Hunt Dog whining. She looked at the dog and saw a concerned expression on his face.

"Don't worry...I'm fine..."The trainer said. She let go her crotch and took a deep breath. She then jogged towards the doctor and struck him with another football. The doctor deflected the ball,but got hit by the Trainer's gate pose.

The trainer then got up and performed a sideways leg lift,followed by a single leg twist and then a lunge. The lunge buried the doctor,Allowing the trainer to finish him off with another Warrior Pose.

The doctor was sent flying and he exploded upon colliding with the ground.

"Whooo! We did it! The villager cheered. The duck hunt dog stood on two legs and laughed.

"Excuse me....Villager?" The Villager and the Dog turned around to see the Wii Fit Trainer standing there with both hands between her legs.

"I need to use the ladies room." The trainer said. Villager could tell she was near limit by the way she was moving. The villager and the dog frantically looked around for a place with a toilet.

"Ahh! That building over there looks like a restaurant. Maybe we can use a restroom there?" The villager said. he then summoned Lloid and flew towards the restaurant,with the trainer wasting no following him.

The villager entered the restaurant and looked around. Just like the town,the restaurant was completely empty. The trainer entered the restaurant and looked around frantically.

"There's nobody here..." he said as he continued to look around. Villager then heard the trainer gasp.

"What's wrong?" The villager said. He then noticed the trainer staring at something. He turned around and saw two restroom doors there. The trainer jogged towards the ladies room and entered it.

Once she was in the restroom,she entered the closest stall. She closed the door behind her and turned her back towards the toilet. She pulled down her jogging pants and sat down on the toilet. As soon as her rear made contact the toilet,she lost control of her bladder. A stream jetted out of her lower region,creating a very loud hissing noise as it made contact with the toilet bowl.

The trainer placed a hand on her belly and breathed in...then out..then in...then out. As she was doing this,a wave of relief went through her body,causing her to let out a moan. The trainer relaxed and let out a loud sigh. After what about a minute,she sound of urine making contact with the bowl stopped echoing through the restroom. The trainer looked in the toilet and saw a few drops falling from her privates. She grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself with it. She then tossed the paper in a bin and pulled her jogging pants back up. The sound of the toilet flushing echoed through the room as she left the stall. She washed her hands,dried them with some paper and then left the ladies room.

"Sorry to keep you waiting." The trainer said as she approached the villager. The villager just gave her a thumbs up.

All of the sudden,the duck hunt dog started barking at the door of the restaurant. The two looked out of the door and saw some puppets approaching the restaurant. The Wii Fit Trainer smiled and stretched her shoulders.

"Well then,let's get fired up!" She said. Villager pulled out some boxing gloves and Duck Hunt Dog had a Clay Pigeon in his mouth. The trio then busted the door open and made a dash towards the approaching puppets.

