Loops

Author: omar8

*000*2022-05-13 09:02

My first try at a story. I tend to be a bit long winded so I thought I’d post in a couple installments. The story was inspired by a combination of the Paul Tester stories called “The All Day Girls” and the movie Groundhog day. Any kind comments appreciated.

Loops

Lacey had some social problems growing up since she simply couldn’t hold her pee as long as most kids her age and was thus prone to pee accidents. When she was very little, it wasn’t much of an issue but it became more so when she started school. Her control had gotten somewhat better by then but it was still not up to her peers. It became a serious issue as she approached middle school age and the embarrassment and teasing grew to the point that she didn’t even want to go to school. Her parents had her examined by a doctor and he did a complete set of rather uncomfortable tests. The doctor told her that she had an unusually sensitive bladder that sent signals about fill earlier and more intensely than usual but that it was normal in capacity. That meant that with training she could wait as long as the other kids but the need to go would be more intense than they felt for the same fill level.

She would just have to overcome it. The doctor gave her a bunch of Kegel exercises and holding practice routines such as interrupting her flow and just plain waiting as long as possible several times a week. She even suggested fantasies, some sexual, as distractions to help her control her bladder. The latter weren’t all that much use until she matured a bit more but all the other exercises and routines she practiced diligently with the result that by now, at 21, she had very strong bladder control and could force herself to wait quite a long time despite feeling the need to pee extremely badly. When she had matured to the point that the sexual fantasy technique became useful, that to helped, not with the physical need so much but it did provide some distraction with the added bonus that she found that she very much enjoyed it.

While trying to get control of her pee accident problem as a teen, she searched the web for pee holding techniques. She discovered some advice and also some things she hadn’t imagined such as Omarashi web sites and the entire pee desperation and wetting fetish scene. While actual wetting intentionally, by force or by accident and any S&M was of no interest what so ever to her since she her experience with wetting was it resulted far to many times in humiliation and embarrassment. She discovered that some people, mostly guys, were very much aroused by seeing someone, usually a girl, desperate to pee and that really intrigued her. It explained some of the reactions of others, especially guys, that had happened to her when they realized that she was desperate.

She sometimes returned to surf the sites she had discovered even as she got older. In fact, that was what she was doing this evening and she had found some old stories called “The All Day Girls” by someone named Tester. It was apparently set in England at a boarding school and was about a group of girls in the school that had an initiation rite for their club of being able to hold their pee for a full 24 hours while eating and drinking normally. The idea kind of tickled her imagination, especially since she really couldn’t conceive of being able to go through a normal day without peeing, let alone a day and a night even with practice and working up to it.

Her previous problems with incontinence made her voice a quiet wish, “I really wish I could work up to or find a way to make myself hold my pee like that, for a full 24 hours, and stay completely dry even while eating and drinking normally.” With that she signed off since it was nearing 11 at night and she was ready for sleep. A quick shower, brush and pee put her in bed. As she started to doze off, she glanced at the alarm clock and saw it was exactly 11.

She woke up when the sun began shining through the window and hitting her eyes. As she lay there waking and stretching, she thought that she was very glad it was a Saturday so she could lie in for a bit, relaxed, warm and very comfortable. She had absolutely nothing planned for the entire day and evening except a few chores like hitting the laundromat, hitting the grocery, having a run and doing a bit of cleaning. Glancing at her clock she saw it was exactly 7. She gave a big stretch, feeling a signal from her bladder that it wasn’t empty but certainly not in acute need of emptying which was about the way she usually felt when waking after a solid 8 hours of sleep.

After a bit more stretching and waking, she rolled out of bed, nude which was the way she always slept and her preferred mode of dress around the apartment. She started her usual morning routine of a stroll into the bathroom to brush her teeth, splash some water in her face and back out to turn on her radio to hear the news, weather and a bit of music while she did 20 minutes or so of various yoga poses and stretches. She hardly ever peed first thing, preferring to wait until after her exercises and after she’d consumed a mug of tea, a glass of juice and some cereal or an English muffin and was ready to dress for the day. Holding her pee when it was convenient and the need wasn’t critical was a routine she had started as control practice when she was much younger and had her bladder control issues.

She wanted to hit the laundry first thing right at 8 when it opened since later it filled up and the wait for machines could be long. She finished her breakfast and quickly gathered her laundry, soap and bag of change. Then she headed into the john for a pee and a bit of makeup before dressing and leaving. She sat on the toilet and then, as she felt the first drops of pee leave her….

She woke up when the sun began shining through the window and hitting her eyes. As she lay there waking and stretching, she thought that she was very glad it was a Saturday so she could lie in for a bit, relaxed, warm and very comfortable. She had absolutely nothing planned for the entire day and evening except a few chores like hitting the laundromat, hitting the grocery and doing a bit of cleaning. Glancing at her clock she saw it was exactly 7. She started a big stretch then paused, odd, somehow it felt the start of her day was repeating itself. “No, that couldn’t be, of course, must have been a dream”, she thought. If it was, then it was a very vivid and lifelike dream. She shrugged it off and started her usual morning routine.

When she turned on her radio, she was startled by the news and weather report since it was exactly what she remembered from her “dream”. She found herself anticipating the words and then having them follow exactly. Her consternation increased when the first song played after the reports and it was exactly the same as the one in her “dream”. She finished her exercises and got her mug of tea, her juice and a muffin, the same meal she had had in her dream. She paused while reaching for the strawberry jelly. In her dream, it had been strawberry but she decided to break with the dream and grabbed grape. Nothing happened and she began to relax a bit although she really couldn’t remember such a vivid dream that played out the next day like a repeat.

Still wondering, she gathered her things and then headed into the john for a pee and makeup. She sat on the toilet and then, as she felt the first drops of pee leave her….

She woke up when the sun began shining through the window and hitting her eyes. This time she came awake almost immediately, glanced at the clock, saw it was just 7 and sat up nearing panic. “What is going on? This can’t be happening. I’m either stuck in some time loop straight out of science fiction or this is the craziest dream I’ve ever had and I’m still in it.”

She mulled it over for several minutes then decided that a test to see if peeing was really the trigger for all this weirdness. She got up, went into the john, brushed her teeth and then with some trepidation sat on the toilet. It took her a moment to work up the courage to let go but she finally did and as she felt the first drops of pee leave her….

She woke up when the sun began shining through the window and hitting her eyes. Once again she came awake almost immediately and when she glanced over at the clock, sure enough, it said 7. She moved to the sit on the side of the bed trying very hard not to totally panic. She couldn’t imagine what this was or how it was happening but it appeared that as soon as she peed it somehow caused her entire day to reset. It simply wasn’t possible but there was no denying it was. She nearly lost it again thinking that there was no way out of the loop since she couldn’t not pee forever. She forced herself to calm and decided that either she had died and was stuck in some sort of hell forever or something later in the day would trigger an exit from this nightmare.

Finally she decided that the only thing she could do was start her day, hold her pee and hope she’d recognize whatever was the exit when it happened. She did her usual routine right up until she was at breakfast. As she took her first sip of tea, she realized that if she had to hold her pee for however long it took to break this cycle, then adding liquid was a mistake. She got up, took her cup of tea and then dumped it into the sink….

She woke up when the sun began shining through the window and hitting her eyes. A quick glance at the clock confirmed her worst fears. Trying not to panic again, she lay in bed and assessed what she knew. It seemed that peeing caused the day to reset, not drinking when and what she normally did caused the day to reset and eating didn’t seem to be involved. Minor changes in timing of events she wasn’t sure about but suspected that they would need to be quite minor if they involved liquids. She wondered if adding extra liquid would cause a reset but decided that minimum intake was the way to go. Nothing else seemed to be involved. It made no sense and she really could see nothing she could do about it except proceed with her day and hope she either stumbled on a way to get out of this loop or whatever was doing this to her let her out. It didn’t seem possible but all the evidence said it was really happening and all she could do was proceed, not pee, drink normally and hope.

With that she got up, brushed, exercised, ate, gathered her laundry stuff, put on make up, and dressed in a sort of romper. It was short sleeved and instead of having shorts on the bottom, had a short skirt. She figured that it was comfortable, washable and if she lost control, the skirt would allow for minimum mess, especially since she went commando. She skipped her morning pee knowing that appeared to be the new rule. She needed to go, of course, but it was manageable.

In her web surfing she’d come across a 12 point scale of needing to pee and she estimated it was between 3 and 4, somewhere between definite and very definite need to go. She just hoped whatever was doing this let her go before she got to terribly desperate. She refused to even think about the possibility that whatever was holding her would make her wait until she lost control and then punish her by forcing a reset and doing it all over again and again. That had to be somewhere in the lower levels of Dante’s Inferno. So far not peeing and drinking normally seemed to be working as she headed out to the laundromat.

She got there just as it opened and grabbed a couple machines. Living alone meant she didn’t have that much but she did have stuff needing separate cycles. After she got them going, she sat down to wait. It always was quite warm in the laundromat so she usually brought a bottle of water. She was very much afraid that if she hadn’t she’d have had another reset so she was careful to sip occasionally on it just as she would normally do.

Waiting on the machines left her time to think about what was happening to her. It wasn’t possible, couldn’t be happening and she had no idea why it was happening, what triggered it or what she could do if anything to get out of it. She sat there stewing about it until the machines finished and then got her stuff into the dryer that needed it. Meanwhile the sips of water, the mug of tea and the juice were all making their way through her and into her bladder. By the time the dryer finished and she was on the way back to her apartment, it was just about 10 and her need to pee had grown to a strong 4 and working toward a 5. She really wondered how much longer she could hang on but she decided that for now she was still well in control.

Back at the apartment, she put away the clean clothes and gathered her marketing list and bags. Then she headed for the market noting that it was just 10:30.

Her normal routine at the market was to get a grande latte as soon as she arrived and sip it as she shopped which she figured she had better do today since it was the normal thing. She didn’t buy lattes except on market day as she felt they were overpriced but she had gotten in the habit as a sort of end of week treat. Most Saturdays after the market and things were put away it was approaching noon and she took a break from her chores and went for a long jog. The latte served as a sort of early light lunch for her that didn’t interfere with the run.

By the time she was back from marketing and had put away the groceries, it was approaching 12 and all those drinks were still landing in her bladder. She felt she was now at about a definite 5, edging toward 6. She had to go badly but not so bad as to be seriously desperate. Still, it had been about 13 hours without a pee and the idea of a long run with so full a bladder wasn’t all that appealing. True, in high school she had been on the track team and had run races with a bladder about as full as hers was now but they were shorter runs. Yes, she could handle it but she wondered if maybe the spell or whatever it was had somehow lapsed. She had no way of knowing and if she was wrong then she’d no doubt have to start all over again. The anxiety and dread of still being stuck in this bizarre madness or maybe not stuck and believing she was made her head spin. She decided that she just had risk a pee and know.

She stripped off her romper, headed into the john and sat down on the toilet. Her fear was so great that she had to sit there for several minutes before she relaxed enough to feel the first drops of pee leave her….

She woke up when the sun began shining through the window and hitting her eyes. She sat bolt upright and nearly screamed a “NO, NO, NO. Not again. I can’t do it. Why is this happening, why, why.” Then she dissolved into tears for several minutes. When she got herself under control, she simply went on auto pilot. She brushed, exercised, ate, drank, did her laundry, did her marketing, had her latte and did not pee.

This time when she had finished putting away her marketing, she stripped off her romper and then just sat for a number of minutes at her kitchen table totally confounded, distressed, numb with shock and confused. She could see no way out. She had to pee badly but didn’t dare let herself go and had no idea what to do. Finally she sighed and decided that the only thing she could do was to avoid the things that triggered a reset as much as she could and proceed with her day, hoping that somehow this spell or curse or whatever would lift if she did.

She got on her sports bra, a pair of loose gym shorts, her socks and shoes and started to the door. Then she thought, it was a cool day and she often wore a sweatshirt when it was like this. Surely it was normal and wouldn’t trigger a reset, plus, she would be able to work up a serious sweat with a long hard run in it. That was liquid that wouldn’t be going into her bladder. Yes, she decided, I’ll risk it. She put on the sweatshirt, got her key and Id on her lanyard and headed out. She made the first couple blocks before she was able to relax and just run, apparently the sweatshirt didn’t violate whatever the rules were.

A couple blocks from her apartment there was a ravine park that had trails that ran on both sides of a creek at the bottom. She would run up one side and down the other on return. Since it was fairly steep sided, so the roads that crossed it were on bridges which meant she could run without having to stop for traffic. It ran for about 2 miles and then exited into a large park that had a running path around the perimeter and a couple of trails up a hill in the middle. That was about another mile if she went all the way around plus doing the hill. All together it made for a good 5 mile run and she was able to do it, hills and all in well under an hour. If she was feeling really really like running, she could repeat part of the ravine run up to the mid-point where a bridge crossed the creek or do the park twice. That could add up to 6 to 10 miles but her usual Saturday run was about 7. That took about an hour and a quarter with a cool down and that was what she set out to do today.

To be continued.

