Desperate School Day [Interactive] - Page 2

Author: OmoEva

*027*2016-04-25 08:19

Amy decides to try and hold it a bit longer. Shes not a baby, she should be able to hold it. Continuing to walk, Amy squeezes her thighs together tighter, in a attempt to stop the dribbling from coming out anymore. She manages to stem it off. A sudden realization dawned on her, everyone must be done with walking around this trail already. Hopefully no one notices she is gone. Otherwise she might be in a world of trouble.

What should she do?

[Head back to school]

[stay out here]

[Other,please specify]

*032*2016-04-26 08:11

Amy doesn't want to get in trouble on her first day of school, if she can help it. She decides to go back to the school. As she is walking she can't help but feel a sense of panic. Her bladder is full and uncomfortable feeling. Amy finally makes it back to the school and walks in, everyone is gone.

Must be in class by now, just like she thought. She looks at her schedule and notices it is time for math class. Thankfully the class is nearby and Amy is able to find it. She opens the door and walks in.

"Ah how nice of you to join us, thought you could skip did ya?" The teacher says.

"No sir, I honestly didn't mean to be late." Amy said nervously. "Sure sure, just shut up and take your seat." The teacher said scowling. Amy quickly went and took a seat in the back of the classroom. Damn that teacher was rude, she didn't mean to be late. She feels a sudden twinge in her bladder and feels pee spurt out into her panties, almost as if her bladder has a mind of its own.

She gasps quietly and tries to remain calm. Its just like when she was 12 and had bladder problems. It always happened like this, first she started losing control then she completely wets herself. I can hold it, I just need to remain calm. I'm not 12 anymore. Amy thought. She feels another spurt and another escape. Amy discreetly holds herself between her legs.

What should she do?

[study math in her textbook]

[Ask to use the restroom]

[Other,please specify]

*040*2016-04-27 09:00

Amy raises her hand, and is called on. "Sir may I use the restroom?" Amy asks.

"No you may not, you should of thought of that before you decided to be late." The teacher said.

She feels another spurt escape, her panties getting wetter by the second. Not wanting to further embarrass herself, Amy decides not to beg.

She sits in class and looks at her textbook, unable to concentrate. Suddenly her bladder gives out and she begins peeing, she crosses her legs tightly and tries to stop to no avail. Pee begins gushing out in a full stream, a audible hissing sound can be heard. As the puddle beneath her feet grows bigger. The teacher is staring wide eyed and his face is red, he looks angry.

Everyone is staring and some are giggling. Tears begin to stream down Amy's face as she begins to cry, her stream finally stops and she gets up and runs out of the room. What she didn't notice was Leo in the class, the nerdy boy. He grabs the stuff Amy forgot and runs out of the classroom. "Amy its okay,accidents happen." He says with a gentle look in his eyes. Leo hands Amy a tissue from his pocket and smiles. Maybe this year won't be so bad after all, Amy thought.

That is it for the story. I hope you liked it, this is my first omorashi story I have written.

