Omovember Day 3: Desperate in a vehicle

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-03 20:13

$$

"How are we doing,Daisy?" Peach asked. Daisy looked behind her and had a small smile.

"Everyone is lagging behind!" She said almost proudly.

"Alright! There's only one lap left!" Peach said. The two were now racing on Luigi's circuit and were in the lead.

"Okay,good! Let's,ahh! hurry up and finish this race already!" Daisy said while hopping up and down in what Peach could only assume to be excitement. Peach had then come to notice that she had been doing that for most of the race.

"You seem pretty excited. You really want to win that trophy,don't you?" Peach said. Daisy smiled nervously.

"Hehehe...uh,that's one of the reasons." Daisy said.

"One of? What's the other?" Peach asked. At that moment,Daisy pressed one of her hands against the front of her dress.

"I really need to pee!" Daisy blurted out pretty loudly. Peach turned red and whispered.

"D-Daisy! Don't say stuff like that so loudly!" Peach said.

"Why? Is something that everyone has to do. I...oh...Even if it's unbecoming of a princess. There's nobody around to- EEK!" Daisy let out as a Red Shell collided with the back of their Kart. Another Kart belonging to the Koopa and the Paratroopa zoomed past the two princesses. Peach after recovering from the hit,Peach continued driving.

"Is everything alright back there,Daisy?" Peach asked.

"I! O-one moment!" Daisy said while dangling from the back of the kart. using all her upper body strength,she was soon standing behind the handle again.

"Oh! We need to hurry!" Daisy said while hopping up and down.

"There's an item box up ahead,cross your fingers!" Peach said. The kart went through the item box and a roulette began spinning inside the kart. After a little bit of spinning,the roulette stopped and spawned three Mushrooms.

"Alright! Daisy,can you take the wheel for a bit?" Peach said as she turned around. the two princesses quickly swapped position. upon sitting down,Daisy felt another jolt in her body,causing her to cross her legs tighter.

"Peach! Hurry up!" Daisy said.

"Now now,Daisy! I'm waiting for the right moment!" Peach said as she carefully observed the racers up ahead.

"Alright,Drift!" Peach said. Daisy did as told and Peach used the Mushrooms for a boost, soon they zoomed past the racer up ahead and with the help of the extra boost they gained from drifting,they were soon back in the lead.

"Yeah! We're back in the lead! And we're very close to the finish line!" Peach said.

"Ah! Thank goodness.." Daisy said.

"Wait,what's that hissing noise?" Peach asked.

"Oh! Peach! can you not?!" Daisy said as she pressed her hand harder against her groin. Daisy's body soon turned pale when she saw the source of the noise: a Spiny Shell.

"Oh,why now?!" Daisy whined. Not only did this happen while they were close to the finish line,but there was no way her bladder was gonna handle a blue shell exploding.

"Well,there goes first place." Peach sighed. Daisy panicked and gritted her teeth as she saw the Blue,spiky shell get closer and closer.

"Wait,this may sound a bit crazy,but i have an idea!" Daisy said. She had heard of a tactic used to dodge Blue shells during the first double dash tournament.

"Huh? What are you-" Daisy made the kart drift,causing sparks to fly out of the wheels. Daisy's heart pounded as she saw the Blue shell looming behind them,getting ready to strike.

"C'mon! Please..." Daisy said while sweating and crossing her legs. The blue shell floated in place for a second and then in split second,boosted forward. Daisy lifted her feet of the pedal and boosted with the sparks she had built up. The blue shell,flew by and missed the kart by a few inches,it then collided with one of the sponsor banners and exploded.

"Holy stars! i did it!" Daisy said! "I'm the bes-argh!" Daisy said as she crossed her legs even tighter,her momentary excitement almost making her lose control of a more important matter.

The princesses crossed the finish line and had finished the race in first. Peach smiled and looked at daisy.

"We did it! that was awesome dai-"

"I HAVE TO PULL OVER! NOW!!!!" Daisy yelled out loudly,stopping the kart in front of a few pipes.

"Wait! Don't tell me you're-"

"Shhhh!" Daisy whispered while holding onto the wheel of the Kart tightly. All the other Competitors had crossed the line and were now driving past them. Once they were all gone,Daisy jumped out of the kart and ran towards one of the sponsor boards.

"If someone comes back,keep them distracted!" Daisy said as she hid behind the board,leaving Peach utterly surprised. Daisy hastily lifted up her dress and pulled down an orange thong. She hastily draped her dress in front of her and bent over while leaning her free hand against the board for support. Almost immediately,a strong stream of urine jetted out of her body,splattering against the grass under her. Despite the risk of somebody hearing her,Daisy couldn't help but let out a moan as she released all the urine she had been holding throughout the race. She kept her hands against the board,closing her eyes and relishing in the feeling of relief that she felt right now. Eventually,her stream had come to an end. Daisy pulled up her panties and dropped her dress, Not bothering to look for something to wipe herself with. She peeked from behind the board and saw the Mario Brothers driving off. Once the coast was clear,she approached Peach with a smile.

"Oh good. You're back. They were incredibly confused when they saw that we stopped driving. I can't believe you actually did that." Peach said.

"Hey! When you gotta go,You gotta go! I was gonna wet myself soon if I hadn't done it back there!" Daisy said while jumping back inside the car. The kart started up and the two princesses soon sped to the next racetrack.

