Valerie 8 Emily's accident

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-04-27 06:20

EMILY'S ACCIDENT

After several dates Emily knew that she was very much in love with Jack and she was increasingly confident that he felt the same way about her. Tonight they would take the next big step in their relationship by going to a party at the digs of some of her art student friends and then spending the night together in Jack's London flat.

Realising how nervous Emily was, Valerie, her older sister, took her shopping and helped her to choose some seductive lingerie to wear under her party dress. With decisions taken and purchases made, Valerie asked Emily if she was feeling more confident.

"About tonight, yes....." Emily replied hesitantly ".....but there's another thing on my mind. I am thinking of inviting Jack to spend some time with us at the villa in Tuscany. Mummy has said he will be very welcome and as he is an airline pilot he will be able to get cheap tickets to go to and fro. The problem is, I'm not sure how well he will fit in."

"Why shouldn't he?" Valerie asked. "He seems really nice and I'm sure we would all get along fine."

"In general, yes" Emily agreed "But you know how far the pool is from the house and how, rather than walking all the way back there in the heat, we all just wet ourselves when we need a wee? It is not exactly conventional, is it?"

"No, the conventional thing to do is to wee in the pool itself!" Valerie replied, wrinkling her nose in disgust. "Personally, I much prefer our way."

"Me too, but I am not sure how Jack will react when he sees us doing it. He might find it weird or even disgusting. On the other hand I don't want Jack's presence at the villa to be a nuisance to everybody else, making them feel that they have to to keep going back to the house."

"I think quite a lot of men are actually turned on by seeing a pretty girl doing a wee in her bikini" Valerie observed. "Tom certainly is and Daddy has always been perfectly OK about all of us, including Mummy, wetting our knickers for convenience. In fact in Mummy's case I'm pretty sure he rather likes it."

Emma considered this. "I've been thinking about it a lot and I've decided that the only way to find out how Jack will react is to stage an 'accident' some time when I'm with him. If I tell him I'm desperate beforehand and that I might not make it to the loo I can opt to stay dry if it looks as though it might go badly. But I want it to be somewhere private and if it is going to look genuine it also has to be somewhere that has no loo. So far I haven't been able to think of a suitable time and place. In any case I don't want to do it yet, I'm going to wait until our relationship is more secure."

###

The party that evening was a fiasco. About fifty people crammed into a small terraced house, some invited, some not and many of them drunk when they arrived. The music was too loud for anybody to talk and the only bathroom was being monopolised by a boy who was constantly throwing up. Some of the other boys peed in the garden but several girls were waiting on the landing in various stages of desperation for any opportunity to use the loo.

Emily she suggested they slip away early. Jack readily agreed and called a taxi. During the long journey from the London suburb where the party was being held to Jack's flat in Limehouse Emily felt an increasing need for a pee and in the last few miles she began to wonder if she would make it. Waiting in the cold air outside Jack's flat as he paid off the cab was agony but she really did not want to wet her sexy underwear, nor did she want to risk spoiling their first night together. She told herself to hold on - she would be able to use the loo in Jack's flat in a few minutes.

They went into the foyer and took the lift. The doors closed and the lift started to move but almost immediately shuddered to a halt. Jack tried pressing buttons to no avail so he picked up the emergency telephone and spoke to the estate's caretaker who said he would call out the lift engineer. Jack stayed on the line whilst he did so and a few moments later the caretaker confirmed that the engineer would arrive in about 45 minutes.

"Jack" said Emily, close to tears. "I couldn't go to the loo at the party and now I'm bursting. I really don't think I can wait much longer." She crossed her legs.

Jack gave her a gentle hug. "Whatever happens it would not be your fault so please don't worry about it." Emily was shivering so he took off his jacket and gently placed it over her shoulders. She huddled miserably into it, desperately trying to avoid soaking in urine the lingerie that she had hoped would be so seductive The whole evening was going horribly wrong.

After a while the emergency phone buzzed again. Jack left Emily's side and went to answer it. It was the engineer saying he was about to arrive on site and asking for details of the lift failure and the number of people trapped.

As Jack spoke to the engineer, a spurt told Emily that she was about to lose control completely. She parted her legs wide in the hope that she could at least limit the damage by avoiding her stockings. Then she gave in to the inevitable.

As Jack put the phone down he heard a splashing sound in the silence of the stalled lift. He turned to see the incongruous sight of Emily, elegant in her party dress and high heels and clutching an expensive-looking evening bag, straddling a puddle on the lift floor that was expanding as a stream of pee between her legs continued to fall. She looked stricken.

Emily's aching body would not let her stop the flow until she was empty by which time the flood covered most of the lift floor and was starting to run in rivulets towards where Jack was standing.

Jack took Emily in his arms and kissed her tenderly on the forehead. She looked up at him and smiled timidly, though her eyes were brimming with tears. "It doesn't matter about the loo now" she murmured "I don't need it any more".

Then the lift jerked upwards for a short distance. "We'll soon have you out" shouted the caretaker from the other side of the doors. Another few minutes and the engineer forced the doors open. The lift car was not level with the floor so they both helped Emily and Jack step up on to the landing and asked if they were OK. Jack thanked them and apologised to the caretaker that he had had to relieve himself whilst they were stuck in the lift.

"No problem" the caretaker replied, pocketing the ten pound note that Jack pressed into his hand. "Its puke that I hate having to clear up. Piss is a doddle by comparison - and it brings the floor up lovely and clean!"

They took another lift up to the Jack's flat on the seventh floor and he let them in. As soon as the door closed behind them, Jack took Emily into his arms and looked solelmnly into her eyes. 'When you were wetting yourself in the lift you looked so vulnerable and.....desirable. Is that an awful thing for me to think?"

"If you liked it that much you may see it more often!" Emily replied, giving him a playful kiss. Jack returned the kiss with passion and Emily felt him grow hard against her. She started to unbutton his shirt. "And thank you for saying it was you who did a wee in the lift, that was gallant of you."

Jack led Emily into the bedroom, reached behind her and unzipped her dress. She let it fall to the floor and stepped out of it. She honestly thought he might have a heart attack when he saw her standing in front of him in her stockings and cherry red silk lingerie, her tiny panties wet between the legs.

Emily removed Jack's shirt and slowly started to undo the belt of his trousers. He kicked off his clothes until he was standing in just his bulging boxer shorts. He removed her bra to reveal her firm, perfectly shaped breasts, then knelt before her to slide a stocking down each leg. As he did so he kissed her wet panties, then gently pulled them down to her feet where she kicked them aside. Removing his boxers he tenderly laid Emily on the bed.

What followed was the best sex Emily had ever had. Far from the clumsy fumblings of her previous student encounters, Jack proved to be a skillful and considerate lover, gently and sensuously bringing her to climax after climax.

Afterwards, whilst they were lying in each other's arms he returned to the subject of her wetting herself and how surprised he was to find it so erotic. She told him about how her mother had taught her three daughters that it is perfectly acceptable for a girl to wet her knickers.

"We all still do, including Mummy. For example, at the villa in Italy we often ride out the heat of the afternon around the swimming pool. We drink lots of water to stay hydrated but the pool is a long way from the house. It is a family rule that nobody ever pees in the pool itself. 'So rather than bother to go all the way back to the house we all just wee in our bathers."

As she was describing this she felt Jack grow hard with desire again. She straddled him and lowered herself slowly on to his rigid cock, then leaned forward, her hair forming a curtain around their faces. She kissed him on the lips and murmured "If you like, I will bring a bikini next time and show you how its done."

