Valerie 3: Trattoria

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-02-26 18:08

TRATTORIA

Valerie's father made a flying visit to the Tuscan villa at the weekend and took us all out to dinner at the one and only trattoria in the nearby hilltop village. As there was not enough room in his hired Mercedes for all six of us Emily and Amanda travelled with their parents and Valerie and I followed in the battered old Fiat hatchback.

We took a table in the restaurant's extensive garden. Valerie looked gorgeous in a simple full-skirted knee-length cherry-red summer dress that showed off her curves to perfection. Her sisters also looked great, Emily in a green dress that looked as though it may have come from the same expensive couturier as Valerie's and Amanda in a crop top and a flirty short skirt.

After a convivial meal Valerie's father and mother headed home as he had to be at the airport for an early-morning flight back to London the following day. Rather than cut the evening short, Emily and Amanda elected to come back with us later. After we said our goodbyes I took the opportunity to seek out the restaurant lavatory. When I returned, Emily asked what the loos were like. "Not great", I replied. "In fact pretty awful".

"Maybe we take a leaf out of Amanda's book and just wee where we are sitting like she did in the gazebo the other day" suggested Valerie with a grin.

"Actually, it wasn't quite like that" said Amanda in a quiet voice. "I don't like thunderstorms any mire than Emily does and when Tom said about the gazebo acting as a fara-thingy..."

"A Faraday Cage" I interjected.

"...I was absolutely determined not to set foot outside until the storm was well and truly over. But as time went on I needed a wee more and more. I felt trapped. I did not want to squat in front of everyone, including Tom here, with my shorts and knickers round my ankles nor did I want to make a different sort of spectacle of myself by standing in front of everybody and wetting myself ...." She broke off in confusion. "Oh, sorry Em, I did not mean that! I know you could not help what happened...."

"That's all right Amanda, I know you did not mean it that way" said Emily soothingly.

"Anyway, the storm seemed to go on for simply ages, the thunder and lightning was terrifying me and the sound of the rain beating on the roof only made me more desperate. I would not go out and I could not wait. I tried to distract myself but in the end my body just took over and I started to wet my knickers. I tried to get things back under control before anybody noticed but I just could not stop. In no time I had soaked my shorts and then it started to run off the edge of my chair and splashed on to the floor in all directions. I was mortified when you all stopped talking and turned and stared at me. It was either act defiant or burst into tears."

"Amanda darling, poor you!" said Valerie, rising and hugging her sister. "I had no idea you were so upset by it. You usually seem quite OK about just wetting yourself, around the pool for example."

"Oh, that is a different" Amanda replied. "Absolutely everybody wets their bikini!"

"I don't" I said, to laughter from the three girls.

"In a way that is part of the problem" said Emily thoughtfully. "You are an absolute sweetheart, Tom, and I am really happy that you are here with Val but I do feel a bit awkward about doing a wee when you are around. Its nothing personal but I feel that I need to at least find a bush to stand behind or even go all the way into the house. It is not as free and easy as it used to be, which is one reason why Amanda and I were so embarrassed about having accidents when we could not get to a loo."

"Val, could you get Tom to wet his pants for us?" asked Amanda innocently. "I am sure that would make him one of the family".

"Well, Tom, how about it?" asked Valerie, raising an eyebrow. "Maybe you could put on a show for us like I did after the storm?"

"Making a joke of it the way you did that afternoon certainly made me feel better about....what had happened earlier." Emily murmured.

"Down by the pool tomorrow, Tom!" said Amanda enthusiastically. "And how about those bright yellow board shorts of yours? They would seem appropriate!"

"Um....er..... OK, I suppose. But not board shorts. You have no idea how unpleasant all that cold wet fabric can be, flapping around your legs."

"You do have a pair of Speedos tucked away in your drawer, Tom" said Valerie slyly, to giggles from Emily and Amanda. "I saw them!".

"Right, that's settled then!" said Amanda. "Showtime! We will have the place to ourselves for the day because Mummy is going to hang on to Daddy's hire car after she drops him off at the airport tomorrow and do some clothes shopping in Florence. Now if nobody is going to use that loo, lets get home as soon as we can - I'm bursting."

The girls had drunk a fair amount of wine and were decidedly giggly as we made our way home, with increasingly ribald suggestions for the details of the performance I should put on. Then it became quieter until, in her most innocent voice, Amanda asked "Tom, as we are soon going to be family, would you mind awfully if I do a wee back here?"

"I mind!" exclaimed Emily. "Just hold it! I am wearing a new and rather expensive dress and it is bound to get splashed if you let rip beside me! And you are not the only one who is dying for a wee. If anybody is going to get this dress wet it is going to be me."

"That makes three of us!" said Valerie. "I am going to wet my knickers as soon as I get out of this car, if not before!"

We pulled off the road and on to the long driveway leading up to the villa. In the rear view mirror I saw that Amanda now had one hand clamped under her skirt between tightly crossed legs and was biting the knuckles of the other hand as she stared quietly out of the side window. I stopped the car in the usual spot under the trees. "Quick, Tom, open the door and let us out!" Amanda demanded.

Valerie and I got out and folded the front seats forward to release Emily and Amanda from the back. As soon Amanda moved she started wetting herself, leaving a pee trail across the rubber floormat as she awkwardly clambered out past me. Hastily she spread her legs wide, lifting the hem of her skirt to reveal a tiny pair of lacy white panties that offered no impediment to the jet of pee she released as soon as she surrendered any attempt at control. On the other side of the car Valerie and Emily gathered up their dresses and simultaneously wet their cotton hipster briefs. "The really important thing" observed Valerie as the girls made three large puddles on the gravel, "Is not to splash our Jimmy Choos."

