The Holding Games (interactive version)

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2025-10-01 20:58

"WELCOME ALL TO THE FINAL OF THE 74th ANNUAL HOLDING GAMES" The host prances onto the stage with a infectious grin, his sparkly suit dazzling even to the cameras as he walks under the stage lights. "And what a year we have had so far. The twists and turns leading up to this very competition have been intense, we had the iron bladder herself - Isabell, the audiences chosen winner and winner of the 68th holding games - completely soak her jeans last week in the semi final! We watched as poor Tracy let trickle after trickle down her legs despite her seemingly nonchalant composure!

We even had the poor Jess fail to get past the 2-hour mark before power-pissing into her dungarees. All in all folks- it has been an excellent year so far for the Holding games. And each of those riveting games played this year has led us once again to the final showdown between the supposed best in the business. 3 girls who have outlasted all their competition - watched as their opponents gushed into their galoshes - 3 girls who are here to win the $20,000 by seeing who can hold in their piss the longest... let us introduce our competitors!!"

The first girl to walk on stage is a blonde woman of 23 years old. She is skinny, tanned and is wearing a beautiful yet plain green summer dress. She waves confidently to the audience and walks over to the host.

"Please ladies and Gentlemen let me introduce you to Sienna! She arrived this year as an unseen beauty. We adored her fine dress and couldn't wait to see it soaked but so far this year Sienna has left us longing. Dry for all three of her leading competitions not so much as even a droplet. How do you do it?" The host turns to Sienna as her ask the question.

"Honestly? Each and every time I thought my body would betray me, I thought of the $20,000. I must be money-motivated because not a single girl has held a candle to my bladder so far." She boasts with a chuckle "And I doubt they will today- these other girls might've beaten off their own competition but I will thrash them without breaking a sweat"

The host looks towards the audience and lets out a instigative "Ooooo, Sounds like we should find out who these 'other girls' are! Thank you Sienna, I love the dress by the way" The host playfully points towards the wings of the stage and calls out "Next up is a girl who surprised us all by not just passing the first round but scratching and clawing her way to the finals by sheer will power! Please welcome Jenny!"

The second girl to walk on stage waves playfully to the audience, She is short and spritely, ginger and pale dressed in a pair of denim shorts and a baggy shirt.

"Now Jenny is our resident youth of this group at only 18 years old - She entered the first round this year and was the first to leak - now as you know we allow a certain amount of 'leakage' on this show, only calling it quits when they have properly soiled their clothes, Jenny here really pushed the boundaries by leaking so much that we had to measure the wet patch on the jeans she was wearing. She dribbled and dribbled and dribbled until Kate - her final competitor - finally gave up the ghost and flooded her tights with force. Now Jenny- how are you feeling today?" The host turns to Jenny and awaits her answer. "I am feeling good, the odds may be stacked against me but I love a challenge" She turns to Sienna and does a playful 'I'm watching you' gesture.

"It's looking feisty so far" The host calls out to the audience "we have Sienna with her Iron bladder defences and Jenny with her wet-willpower- And finally for those who have been keeping up to date with 'The Holding Games' you will know our last competitor... It's Ignes!"

The third girl to walk out onto the stage is a black haired pale lady of 25 years old, she is wearing a sports bra and leggings, She turns to the audience and gives a dry smile as a greeting.

"Now Ignes is out dark horse of this year, she leaked a little in her second game - but then again everyone did, I mean c'mon it lasted for 4 hours I'm pretty sure I was leaking a little by then" The host looks to the audience and does a faux desperation dance, the audience respond with a cheer. "Yet most impressively - She bested the famed Isabell, the personal winner of 'The 68th Holding Games' in her final round completely surprising us all. Ignes my dear how are you feeling?" The host holds the mic out for her to let her talk. She looks dead into the camera, then out to the audience, then back to the camera and says "Yeah I'm fine"

The host holds his breath for a second expecting more to come but she stands blank faced. "Right there you have it folks, our 3 ladies of the finals. The stoic Sienna, The underdog Jenny, and the frankly mysterious Ignes. Who will come out on top in our 74th ANNUAL HOLDING GAMES!?! Please don't forget ladies and gentlemen that your votes go a long way in affecting the game, after each round the player with the most votes will be exempt from having to drink water in the next round, so please contact us here to let us know who you are routing for!"

- Please vote and follow to tune in after the break-

*002*2025-10-02 10:20

ROUND 1

"Welcome back ladies and gentlemen to the 64th Annual Holding Games! We are just about to start our first round of the game but before we start lets please hear from the audience as we cheer on our competitors!" The host holds up Jenny's hand and the crowd cheer, he then walks over to Ignes and does the same to which the crowd cheers again. When the host goes over to Sienna the crowd cheers the loudest. "Well it looks like we have an audience favourite! This vote was also reflected in our polls with Sienna looking like the strongest contender for this years Holding Games! For winning the vote Sienna you are allowed to pass on the first round of drinks if you would like?" The host looks to Sienna as if expecting her to agree but to the audiences' shock she shakes her head "I don't need a get out of jail free card, If I am going to win -which I will- then I will win fairly. I can beat these chumps without help" She boasts again and the audience goes wild.

"Bold, very bold. I can see why you are the audiences choice so far... will you regret that decision or will you go down as the first competitor to ever wilfully drink extra water... I can't wait to find out." The host looks towards the big clock on the centre of the wall behind the contestants. "Well folks it's is time for our first big chug! Bring out the water!

Now you all know the rules but for those few newcomers in our audience tonight or watching from home, the rules are simple. Each round a glass of water will be brought out and the contestants will chug it- if they don't get it down within sixty seconds they will have to spin the wheel of pain! - Each round will also present the competitors with a challenge. What is this rounds challenge you ask? Well keep watching and find out silly" The host jokes with the audience and laughter ripples across the stands. They cheer louder as the water is brought on and the girls all hold their glasses. The host holds up a finger and walks over to Ignes.

"Now Ignes, how are you feeling in regards to the chug this time?" He looks towards Ignes very desperately hoping for an answer above one syllable. "Yeah I'm Good. Water is the easy part." She says in a monotone voice. "That's not what it seemed like at the end of the last game, we all remember you failing 3 glasses in a row to get it down, yet despite having to spin the wheel of pain 3 times in a row when Isabell only had to do it once you still won. Do you have any comment?" She turns to him and continues in the same monotone, almost bored sentiment. "What can I say- I get full. Hard to drink so much water quickly." The host is chuckles and responds "well let's hope you find it easier today aye?" She nods and the host moves on to Jenny.

"Now Jenny you struggled the most when chugging water from the get-go. Setting a record for failing every. single. chug. Do you think you can get past even one in this, our final?" Jenny shakes her head and giggles. "Nope" She chirps cheerfully "No faith whatsoever, what can I say? It hurts to drink it so fast. My speciality comes in the holding anyways. I can take whatever the wheel of pain prescribes me. My shorts might get damp but my spirit wont!" The audience cheer for Jenny, some 'awwws' perforate the noise. She looks out to the crowd and does a love heart with her finger and thumb. The crowd cheers even louder. The host thanks Jenny and makes her way over to Sienna.

"So Sienna - how do you feel about this chug? You haven't failed a single one yet! Where does the liquid go?!" The host pulls out a measuring tape and measures her belly, making a show of her slender frame and boggling his head. The audience love it and cheer on Sienna. "It's hard to feel much when you know you will win" She teases "I can drink a lot of beer- maybe that helps" She shrugs and tosses her hair slightly, the audience fall for it and there are some whistles from the crowd. She notices this and realises she might get more help from fans down the line and playfully lifts her dress up to reveal some upper thigh. The host pretends to fall over out of love and laughs.

"Right Ladies and gentlemen our three contestants are ready for the chug lets please start the clock!" The host points to the clock and it starts ticking away, the fanfare of the show starts to play and the 3 women raise their glasses and start to drink. Sienna is the first to finish, followed by Ignes. Jenny is sipping away slowly with an eye on the timer. She continues until the 20 second mark, she realises there is under halfway to go and starts to drink in earnest. She spills a little down her chin but by the time the clock hits 0 she has barely gulped the last bit down. She looks around and cheers with surprise at her own success. The audience and the host cheer too, even Sienna gives her a pat on the back.

"well done to all three of our lovely competitors! We have witnessed history here, Jenny's fist successful chug! What a show- lets see if she can keep up as the game continues!! However as no one failed the chug and therefore we aren't bringing out the wheel of pain this round I have been asked by the director in my ear to direct us to our first challenge of the day.... Please give it up for Tinkle Tag!" The host waves his hand and three stage hands come out and attach a tag to each of the girls backs with velcro-straps. "Aim of the game is simple. Take the others tags, but keep yours on. The last contestant with her tag still attached will watch with glee as the other two drink tea! Ready... Set.... GO!"

The three contestants are frozen in a circle watching each other, its a standoff to see who moves first. Intense music starts to play, the tension rises as they stand locked in a silent battle. The host is about to narrate the stare-off when suddenly Jenny lunges straight for Sienna. Sienna jumps back just barely escaping jenny's fast grab. Ignes tries to take advantage of the off balanced Jenny but its clear she expected the move and rolls away from Ignes's reach. Sienna then runs at Ignes but Ignes whirls around hearing her hurried footsteps and they smash into each other and topple to the ground. Siennas green dress rides up as they fall exposing her light green panties to the crowd. She goes to pull it down but the second she pulls at the hem her tag is ripped off by Ignes from under her.

Sienna groans and stands up to watch Ignes come face to face with Jenny. They look as if they are going to start another stand-off but Ignes charges, Jenny is caught slightly off guard by the sudden rush and takes a step back, The two of them tussle for a while. Jenny tried to suddenly rush under Ignes's legs to go for her tag but Ignes sees the tactic and grabs at her back. Jenny pops up from behind Ignes and rips off her tag, she cheers until she sees her own tag in Ignes's hand. A ghost of a smile dances across Ignes's face for a split second before she resumes her nonchalance.

"Woah Ladies and gentlemen did you catch that?? Ignes is the winner!" The host prances over to Ignes and asks her about how she feels. "I feel invigorated." She lets the smile play out on her face as she revels in her victory. "Honestly I'm glad I don't have to drink the tea- I hate the stuff!" She let the smile die and sits down with relish as she watched the other two contestants glumly accept the extra beverage.

"Okay ladies and gentlemen that does indeed bring us to the end of the first round! Thank you so much for watching so far and remember to contact us here to let your vote be heard - the person with the most votes will be exempt from the chug next round... if they are smart..." He looks to Sienna "...They will take the chance to sit back and be parched. Anyways we will let these liquids do their work and will see you in ROUND 2!"

- Please vote and follow to tune in after the break-

*005*2025-10-02 19:24

Okay SO I know I cannot draw for shit but I though It might be fun to keep up with their clothing state - If yall hate them let me know and ill delete but as time goes on any accidents/ leaks or anything each character faces each round will be updated on the drawings of them.

I know it looks like a 5 year old drew these - alas I cannot draw for shit. Let me know if you like this idea!

&&

&&

&&

ROUND 2 coming tomorrow!

*007*2025-10-02 21:04

{{8 minutes ago, pwpj said:

I love the fact that the drawings include the underwear as an extract! Is Sienna a normal knickers girl, Ignis a thong, and Jenny boxers?

}}

You got it bang on! exactly that! Im glad you can discern it lol!

*011*2025-10-03 17:23

ROUND 2 (shorter one today I am afraid i've not had a lot of time- I promise things will spice up as time goes on and they get more desperate)

"Ladies and Gentlemen please put your hands together for our contestants!" The audience cheers as we pan to the three girls sitting on their chairs. The spotlight centres on Sienna. "Sienna the people have voted yet again to allow you to not drink water this round! How do you feel about this" She looks towards the audience and thanks them graciously by bowing. "It's hard not to love me" She smiles to the camera and blows a kiss. "I could do with it anyways - that tea seems to have gotten things moving a little.." She pats her bladder "Not like it's a problem if I needed to pee. Holding is no issue for me." She looks towards Ignes and Jenny and smirks as she goes to sit back down. The cups of water come out and are places in front of Ignes and Jenny.

"It has been about 20 minutes since the last round and now its time for the next chug! But lets check in with our other lovely ladies shall we" The host skips over to Jenny and puts the mic up to her face. "How are you feeling dear Jenny?" He asks playfully "I feel alright, I feel a small need to pee already- but hey you cant blame me, those are big cups you bring out!" "They are big cups indeed! Much bigger than regular cups you have at home dear viewers - its needed, we are in the big leagues!" The host gives Jenny a pat on the back and thanks her before walking over to Ignes. "Dear mysterious Ignes how are you feeling? You didn't need to drink any tea last round so you have the least amount of liquid inside you! You feel good about your chances?" He asks her probing for any emotion. "I guess. Felt good winning the tag game or whatever" She looks out to the audience blank faced giving no indication if she needs to pee at all. "Are we drinking or what?"

"Right she is ladies and gentlemen it is now time for the chug, get ready... start!" The clock starts and music starts to play again- Ignes takes her time and shows signs of struggling. She barely makes it in time and finishes with an uncouth burp. Jenny however still has a third to go by the time the clock has stopped. She comes up for air and continues to sip away until the water is all gone. The audience hold their breath knowing that it is now time for the wheel of pain.

"well Jenny despite your earlier victory in round 1, it does seem that you have failed to chug in time and will now have to spin the wheel of pain- How do you feel about this?" The Host asks her as he brings out the wheel. "Well I can't win it all!" She chirps as if she hasn't a care in the world. "The glass is as big as my head, I just hope I don't land on another water chug!" She pretends to drown in water before subjecting her attention to the wheel of pain. She walks up and spins the wheel, It looks as if it is just about to land on '25 squats' but nudges into '8 pull ups' - She laughs but glumly walks over to the pull up bar. "God I hate exercise" She mutters, this causes some audience members to laugh in agreement as she jumps up and holds onto the bar. She completes all 8 pull ups with a degree of ease, pausing at the 5th to regain strength. One she has finished, the audience applauds her and she goes to sit back on her chair.

"Now its time for our second game! The directors in my ear are telling me the next game is going to be bladder statues! Each of you will have to start on the left of the stage and make your way to the right of the stage. The twist of this game however? The lights will turn on and off at random times- when the lights are on you cannot move, if you are seen moving by the audience you will be sent back to the start, if you cannot reach the right side before the 2 minutes is up... We have some ice tea for you" Ignes grimaces at the mention of tea and the host quickly corrects "We can do iced coffee for you my sweet!" She resumes her unreadable expression and nods curtly in thanks. The 3 women make their way to the left of the stage as the countdown begins.

As soon as it reaches 0 the lights go out for 5 seconds, when they come back up Ignes and Sienna can be seen a metre from the start. Jenny however is already half way across the stage, she is flat on the floor after evidently launching herself through the darkness. The audience laugh and the lights go out again only to come back on within the second. 

Jenny is caught at an awkward angle as she attempted to stand but keeps still. Sienna however is caught out by the quick change and freezes mid step only to shuffle to avoid falling over. The lights go out again and a thud is heard from the darkness. When the lights come back on Ignes is halfway across, Sienna is close to the start, Jenny however is one step away from winning, her knee is bruised from the 2 launches across the stage. The clock keeps ticking down- only a minute left now- but the lights remain on.

All three competitors tense as the time ticks away without being able to move. The lights go out for 2 seconds, Jenny reaches the end but both Ignes and Sienna are caught out as they rush and are sent back to the start. "Jenny has made it across in startling fashion" The host whispers as the game continues- both Ignes and Sienna seem to be matching pace and taking it slowly when the lights are off. "20 seconds left, both are at the halfway point- if they get sent back now they wont make it across, they need to move quick though..." 

The next time the lights come back on there is only 10 seconds left, Both woman are immersed in stillness and are only 2 thirds of the way across the stage. The lights go out and a tussle is heard. When the lights come back on the audience is shocked by the sight of both of them on the ground only a step away from where they where last. "Oh no! It looks like they either tripped over each other or tried to sabotage one another and paid the price! Ignes. Sienna. Unfortunately both of you failed to make it to the right side of the stage and will now be subjected to tea *cough* and coffee, whichever you prefer"

Jenny sits down on her chair with glee as the others take their new drinks and start drinking. Both of them keep shooting passing glances at each other, almost glaring at each other. The host notices and pretends to pull his collar away from his neck as if he is getting hot. "My my things are starting to heat up here with the rivalries... well ladies and gentlemen we will be back after a very short break to continue this daring game. They may be playing it cool but as the host of this fun game I can tell you- round 3 is when bladders start getting full.. One can hope. We will find out.. after the break!"

- Please vote and follow to tune in after the break-

(No images here today as there has been no change in their clothing status - Round 3 coming soon, again sorry for the short one and the slow start)

*017*2025-10-09 14:22

Wow big influx of Jenny likers!! I promise an update will be coming soon! I have just been really busy with work lately. Most likely Monday will be the time of upload!

*019*2025-10-14 15:13

Round 3

"Welcome back ladies and Gentlemen! It has been about 30 minutes since we last checked in and things seem to now be slightly heating up!" The host points towards the three contestants and we see Jenny slightly bouncing her leg, we see Ignes standing still but not completely straight, we finally see Sienna who is tapping her foot and shifting her weight from on side to the other. "Shall we see the tally of how many cups each of you have had over the last hour? Keep in mind folks back home, these are big cups - same goes for the tea and coffee" The board lights up behind them with the numbers:

Jenny: 3

Sienna: 3

Ignes: 3

"Now votes have gone up massively since the second round, Jenny it would seem that you are currently the crowds favourite- It must be because of your dedication in the last game! It is very rare for all drinks to be tied by now but here we are- the next chug! Jenny is exempt from this one. It looks like she could use it!" The host goes over to jenny while the others receive their water and makes a note of her bobbing leg. She chuckles before responding. "Oh yeah feeling it now- I am only small. But if i just keep my head in the game I can't lose" She watches as the host goes over to the other two, starting with asking Ignes how she is doing. "How are you feeling Ignes? He asks as she stands completly unmoving. "I'm fine." She responds but doesn't give any more away.

"Oh come on my dear, you will have to give more than that!" The host chuckles, he prods her bladder with a finger to get some response from her but all she does is back away and remain stony faced. "Fine, If I was at home I would go to the toilet. That doesn't mean I am desperate or anything." She remains looking ahead coldly, the host moves over to Sienna. He gives her a quizzical look and she responds. "I won't be shy about it like our dear Ignes, I would say I am a 6-7/10. But don't you worry ladies and gentlemen that prize money is mine for sure. Vote me next round again - not Jenny and I will give you all a show" She winks and the audience cheer.

The host puts his finger to his ear as if to listen to someone talking and then announces. "Okay folks I have just been told its now time for the chug! As we know Jenny is exempt from this rounds chug and it now rests in the hands of Ignes and Sienna... the countdown starts now" The countdown starts and the two girls chug the water. Sienna gets the water down without a problem but it looks close for Ignes. At the 10 second mark she has to come up for air before trying to finish out her glass. The water disappears from the glass as the timer reaches 0 and she is seen swallowing the water.

She looks around as if to question if she made it in time, the host puts his finger to his ear again and announces: "It seems Ignes did empty the glass before the timer ended but didn't drink it in time, so unfortunately Ignes it is time for the wheel of pain!" The audience cheer loudly at the prospect of the challenge ahead of Ignes. She looks around but doesn't let the failure reach her face. She walks slowly to the wheel of pain and without any emotion spins it. The audience collectively holds its breath, Ignes's face briefly flickers a hint of fear as it passes slowly over handstand and lands on bladder press.

"Oh unlucky Ignes, this is a hard one, I will now press on Ignes's bladder for 20 seconds - Do not expect anything to come of it though dear audience! Ignes has proven herself valiant in the face of obstruction thus far! Only leaking in her second game- one that lasted for 4 whole hours!" The audience cheer as the host prepares to push on Ignes's bladder. The 20 second timer starts and he pushes, Ignes seems caught off guard at the force the host is using and audibly gasps. Her face contorts for a second before she starts to slow her breathing and rides out the rest of the challenge without making any faces.

When the host steps away Ignes seems relieved behind her stony exterior. "So Ignes, how did that challenge go for you?" He goads. "It was harder than I thought I guess.. I wasn't prepared for you to push so hard. It hurt" She stands somewhat awkwardly, her legs tense and pressed together. "Still dry?" He asks. She pauses for a second and looks past the Host. "no" She admits. The other two contestants look up shocked at the admission. Everyone in the room looks down at Ignes's crotch and a faint blush rises up through her neck despite her cool demeanour. "Show us please my dear" Ignes adjusts her stance and allows her thighs to part. The faintest little damp spot has appeared on the crotch of her grey leggings. She looks around as if to dare anybody to say anything, and when no one does she retakes her seat.

"There we have it ladies and gentlemen, our first sign of difficulty from one of our contestants. Admittedly you don't have to be bursting to leak when someone pushes on your bladder so don't expect any sudden increases in desperation just yet." The host put his hand up to his ear again briefly and then announces the game of this round. "The game this round is purely phycological.. In this game each and everyone of you might drink tea depending on the choices made. You will all three sit and talk about strategy and current desperation levels... Once the taking stage of the game is done you will each write another players name on a piece of paper and hold it up- If you will have to drink a cup for every piece of paper your name appears on..."

The three girls look to each other and realise that this could go very bad for one of them. They sit around the table that has appeared on the stage and discuss. Jenny puts the idea of each putting the person on the left so that everyone has to drink, her leg bouncing the whole time she talks. Ignes suggests that Jenny and herself put down Sienna's name as Sienna has won each of her previous games without leaking even once, Sienna looks angrily at Ignes as she puts it forward and suggests to Jenny that they both put Ignes down in retaliation. Jenny then squeaks and suggests everyone putting their own name down. They go around and around with Ignes and Sienna getting more annoyed at each other as Jenny watches. Eventually the clock runs out and they all settle on writing down their own names. They start writing and then give their paper to the host.

The host takes a second to look at the pieces of paper. Pauses. And then chuckles. "Well well well, it looks like one of you didn't go with the plan... We have one here for Jenny, one for Sienna... and another for Sienna." Jenny and Sienna look towards Ignes who is smirking at Sienna. "Not cool Ignes you twat" Sienna complains loudly. "You have made a mistake because now I am properly gunning for you" Sienna scowls. Ignes merely smirks and turns away. "A pretty little blonde thing you? I'm scared."

Jenny watches the two other contestant flame each other as the drinks get brought out. Ignes stares down Sienna as Sienna downs both glasses and slams the cups down on the table. Sienna somehow finished both of her Ice tea's before Jenny finishes hers. All three contestants go to sit back down on their seats. Sienna looks dangerously unhappy but shows no real signs of desperation yet. Ignes doesn't look too desperate but crosses her legs anyways, hiding her wet spot. Jenny sits down and can't seem to sit still, her legs bouncing freely.

"Well Ladies and gentlemen That does bring our 3rd round to an end- Things are really heating up now. Tensions running high. Bladders full. I cannot wait to see where this goes for our lovely three contestants. Thank you again for tuning in and we hope to see you in round 4! Remember folks its double drinks next round for the chug and the challenge so your vote counts for extra this time!!"

ROUND 4 will be a tough one for all three of our contestants! Remember to vote for your favourite and spare them having to drink any more liquid- here is the tally so far...

Sienna: 6

Jenny: 4

Ignes: 4

&&

&&

&&

