The Desperate 3rd Agent (Splatoon Agent 3)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-09-16 15:46

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

"Ugh......."

An Inkling girl with Lime-Green tentacles slowly opened her eyes. she got up on the ground,with a hand on her head to ease the headache she was feeling. The inkling looked around. She seemed to be in some dimly lit hallway. She rubbed her chin and tried to remember how she ended up here.

This inkling was known as Agent 3 by the people she worked for. She recalls exploring the subway with her leader,Captain Cuttlefish. But along the way,she encountered an Octoling. The last thing she remembers is fighting this Octoling until something attacked them out of the blue.

Three shook her head and picked up her hero shot. She then started walking through the hallway. After a while,she reached a subway station. The station was completely empty and there weren't any subway cars. Three looked at the rails and followed them with her eyes until she saw a tunnel. She fired some ink at the ground and transformed into her squid form. She then dived into her ink and swam to the tunnel. Upon entering the tunnel,the first thing she saw was a bunch of teal ink laying around. This ink had a different texture compared to inkling ink. Three created another path of ink and continued to swim.

The tunnel seemed to be pretty long however. As three was swimming for quite a while and she had yet to reach the other side. To make things worse,she couldn't help but feel a bit uncomfortable in her squid form. She continued to swim and the feeling seemed to slowly increase. She decided to shrug it off for now,as she saw a light up ahead.

She entered the light and exited the tunnel. But the only thing in sight was more rails and more of that weird teal ink. Three continued to swim. She continued for 30 minutes and the discomfort she was feeling got a bit worse. Thankfully,she saw a metro station up ahead. She continued to swim until she reached the station.

It wasn't until she reverted back to her humanoid form that she noticed something. The feeling she had earlier got a slightly weaker. And she was now feeling it in her abdomen. she then realized what the issue was: she needed to pee.

But that problem could easily be solved,right? This is a subway station. They always have restrooms. Three walked forward while keeping an eye out for any signs pointing to a restroom. She entered a corridor,but there wasn't a bathroom to be seen. What she saw was an area filled with teal ink puddles and trees that had plastic warped around them. Some of the trees even had plastic bags with teal liquid in them.

Three immediately prepared her weapon upon hearing some giggling. Suddenly,an Octoling jumped out of one of the puddles of teal ink and started firing at Three. Three rolled out of the way and fired back at the Octoling,Splatting her in the process.

After splatting,Three noticed that the Octoling looked much more different than the ones she fought in Octo Valley. She had a different uniform,she was wearing shades and her skin almost had the same texture as the ink she shot.

Her thoughts were interrupted when she felt slightly twinge in her bladder. Three decided to explore the area a bit. Maybe there was a bathroom around here somewhere? She started looking around. But after a few minutes of searching,there was no toilet in sight. She considered just peeing in the bushes,but the puddles of teal ink were everywhere and there was a chance one of those Octolings could strike her if she decided to do it there. Three walked past some boxes and saw another station entrance up ahead. Like the last one,there wasn't a subway car. Three hopped of the station and followed the rails again. The rails led her to another tunnel. Thought ,this one wasn't as long as the last one.

Upon leaving the tunnel,Three was in for a shock. She entered some kind of void. The train tracks where still there. But the sky was purple,there seemed to be a bottomless pit below and there were all kinds of objects floating around. Ranging from giant gaming consoles,to even utensils. Three shook her head and continued to follow the rails. After walking for 15 minutes,Three stopped to look up ahead. There was another station up ahead and this one seemed to have a subway car. Three created a path of ink and swam towards the subway car. But like in the first tunnel,the pressure she felt in her bladder grew...and this time it was worse than last time.

She swam up the station and transformed back into her humanoid form. The pressure decreased,but not by much. She then left the station and entered a corridor. Three looked around for restroom signs while she had one hand between her legs. She needed to pee pretty badly now and there was once again no restroom in sight.

While walking through the corridor,she heard some groaning.

She turned around and aimed her weapon. She had her legs crossed while doing this. There were 2 Twintacle Octotroopers and they were ready to attack her. She rolled away from the two Octotroopers as they started firing at her. Three threw a bomb at the Octotroopers. This sent them into a state of panic and they tried to move away from the explosion. But they were too slow and got caught in the explosion. Three looked around for more Octarians and lowered her weapon once it looked like she was safe. She continued walking through the corridor with one hand between her legs. There were multiple doors in the corridor,but all of them were locked and none of them had restroom signs on them. She entered an elevator and waited for it to close.

Once the elevator was closed,she dropped her weapon and placed both hands between her legs. She looked around the elevator and didn't see any of that teal ink she saw all over the previous areas. She briefly considered peeing in the elevator,but she decided against it as she didn't want to be caught with her pants down if an enemy happened to be waiting for her in front of the elevator. A ding echoed through the elevator. The elevator door opened and Three stepped out while aiming her weapon forward.

She took cover behind some boxes and peeked from behind them. She saw some more Octarians heading towards her. She hid behind the boxes without transforming into a squid. Luckily,the Octarians walked past her and made their way to the elevator. Three quickly jumped over the boxes and hid on the other side before the Octarians could turn around. However,the impact of the landing caused her bladder to start sloshing. Three quickly grabbed her crotch with one hand and crossed her legs. Three continued to walk down the hallway while trying to avoid fighting the Octarians she ran into. Because fighting them means she'd likely have to dive in her ink multiple times. And being in her squid form with a full bladder was painful.

She managed to avoid fighting Octarians until she saw two doors. One of them had a silhouette of an Octoling Girl. Three looked to her sides and entered the restroom once the coast was safe. Three jumped when she saw what the inside looked like. There was teal ink everywhere. She opened one of the stalls and sure enough,the ink was all over the toilet. Three quickly closed the door and shook her head. There's no way she was going to use this restroom.

"Ha!!!" Three turned around and yelped when she saw an Octobrush being swung towards her. She barely managed to duck under the swing. The one who delivered the swing was an Octoling. The Octoling went for another swing,But Three jumped over it. Upon landing,she had to place a hand between her legs to prevent a leak. The Octoling took advantage of this and jabbed her with the rear of her brush. This strike caused her to let out the leak she was trying to prevent. Three quickly turned around and left the restroom with one hand between her legs.

She wanted to use both hands,but doing that was difficult due to the fact that she also had to hold her weapon. When she exited the bathroom,she immediately turned around and fired at the door until she was out of ink. The Octoling then barged out of the bathroom and made a ink-line towards her. Three put her weapon on her back and dashed out of the way. The Octoling turned around and tried to ram her with the brush. But three sidestepped out of the way while waiting for her ink tank to fill back up.

"Must destroy,target...."The Octoling said in a robotic voice. She then started swinging her brush at Three. Three just backed away from the swings while keeping a hand on one of her weapons. She then heard a beep. She looked over her shoulder and saw the light on her ink tank. This meant she had enough ink to use a sub weapon. She reached for her ink tank and grabbed a bomb. But the Octoling struck her with the brush and knocked her down. Three dropped her weapon and placed both hands between her legs. Doing her best to hold back all the pee that was trying to break free from her bladder. She opened one eye and saw the Octoling approach her.

"Target is down. Must finish her..." The Octoling said as she held her brush overhead. Three heard some squeaking and smiled. The Octoling looked at where the sound came from and saw an Autobomb standing next to her.

The Octoling just stared at the Autobomb as it prepared for detonation.

*SPLAT*

The Autobomb exploded and destroyed the Octoling. Three got up from the floor and crossed her legs. She picked up Her weapon and put it on her back. She then started running while frantically looking around. She was very close to her limit now.

She saw a room up ahead and entered it. She frantically inspected the room. It seemed to be a security room as there were multiple screens highlighting different stations. Three looked around for something to pee in.Anything. She then locked her eyes on a slosher that was right next to a storage door. She grabbed the slosher and barged into the storage room. Three then kicked the door to shut it and put down the slosher.She immediately pulled down her shorts and panties and sat on the slosher. Almost immediately,the sound of urine splattering could be heard in the room.

"Ahh...ohh....." Three moaned as she let out all the urine she had been holding. A smile slowly appeared on her face as the stream continued. She looked between her legs and saw the slosher slowly being filled with lime-green urine. Her stream slowly weakened until only a couple of drops came out. Three got up from the slosher and pulled her shorts up. There wasn't anything to wipe with. Not that it mattered,since her panties were already a bit wet. Feeling a bit more relaxed now,she turned around and looked at the slosher. She almost completely filled it. She pushed the slosher in the corner of the room and opened the door. She then made sure to coast was clear and exited the room.

Three then went up to the screens. Maybe she could find Captain Cuttlefish on one of these screens. She looked at everything screen until she spotted Captain Cuttlefish. He was helping an Octoling drag....something....back to a subway car. She looked at the letters on the screen and saw "Center Station".

Three then looked at the keyboard under the screen and saw some weird device. This device looked like some kind of controller and it had "Kamabo" written on it. She pressed the button and a holographic map appeared in front of her. This map listed all the stations that were visible on the screen. Three decided to hold onto the device. Now that she had a chance to relieve her self and had a clue on where to go,the exited the security room and made her way to the Central Station.

And with that,I've made a story for all 3 playable Agents.

If you want to see the other 2,Here's the Link to Agent 8's story:

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/46994-emptying-your-ink-tank-splatoon/?tab=comments#comment-1554119

And here's the Link to Agent 4's story:

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/52366-4-my-bladder-splatoon-agent-4/?tab=comments#comment-1689970

