An ALTERNAtive place for relief. (Marie (Splatoon))

By OmoGamer32

*000*2022-11-05 23:43

This short is inspired a drawing made by pixiv artist: いろはす.

"I can't get over funny these statues look." Callie said as she eyed the literally stone-faced statue. Or maybe not so literally. According to the logs she had been reading, those statues were 3D Printed by the former inhabitants of this place they dubbed Alterna.

"Yeah,they remind me of some of the Emojis some inklings use in their texts." Marie replied. "What were they called again? Moai?"

"...................."

"Yeah,i'm happy that Agent 3 managed to get rid of the all that Fuzzy Ooze too, Captain." Marie said to the Agent-turned-Captain.

"Doesn't it feel great to have someone following in your footsteps, Captain?" Callie asked to the Captain.

"...................."

"Yeah, who knows? they might end up surpassing you. and Maybe THEY'LL end up being the captain one day. And then we'll have to hire a new NEW agent 3." Callie said. The Captain glared at Callie and pointed at her.

"Calm your tentacles, Captain. I'm sure she was just joking." Marie said.

"I do hope Gramps is okay though." Callie said with a worried look.

The two idols wandered around for a bit, taking in the sights. Callie stared at the artificial sky while Marie was deep in thought. At least it seemed that way to Callie and the Captain. She had a very strained look on her face and she was shifting around a little.

"Marie? are you sure you're okay? You've been like that for an hour now."

"Hmm? yeah, i'm fine. I already told you guys. It's very cold down here with all this snow. Don't you guys feel it?" Marie asked.

"I find it pretty bearable." Callie said.

"Well,aren't you tough..." Marie replied.

"........................."

"Oh that's right,cap. The snow is fake too." Callie said.

"i-it still feels cold to me!" Marie said nervously.

"Well, maybe you oughta move around some more! I'm gonna to look around to see if i can find any more Power Eggs for Agent 3 and his small fry." Callie said as she skipped away.

Marie looked at Callie and then at the Captain, who was just sitting there being completely unresponsive. Almost like they didn't want to be there.

"I uhh...I think i'll go do that to." Marie said as she slowly backed away from the Captain. The Captain just stared at her as she kept backing away until she was out of sight.

Marie began walking around for a few seconds before stopping in her tracks. She bent over and pressed her free hand against her groin.

"Oh for cod's sake." She whispered as she looked around. Those funny looking statues were everywhere and it felt like they were all staring at the awkward display she was showing right now.

"They 3D printed so many of these statues but couldn't 3D print a bathroom on this site?" Marie said as she shifted around uncomfortably. She had been holding it in since she and her crew arrived at Alterna and she hadn't found a place to relieve herself. The only thing on this island was Moai statues,Moai statues and more Moai statues. Sure there was an orange building in the middle of the site. But it was blocked off by a bunch of tape with seemingly no other way to get inside.

And all the other sites were currently covered by all that weird Fuzzy Ooze. Which they had no way to get rid off until Agent 3 showed up. Marie thought of holding it until the new Agent cleared up all the Ooze but...

"Hooof....i'm at my limit here. i need to find somewhere..." Marie said while leaning back and forth. That plan wasn't panning out the way she had hoped. Agent 3 was taking their sweet time and Marie's ink tank could only take so much more before cracking and spilling all the metaphorical ink. She took deep breaths as she tried to find cover that couldn't didn't make her feel like she was being stared at. She found another Moai Statue. however this one looked a lot more incomplete, with the top part of it's face missing.

"This'll have to do...." Marie said as she approached the statue. Resting her umbrella on her shoulder, she unbuttoned her coat and opened it, revealing some of her belly. She pulled down her tights to her knees. She shivered at the sudden cold and gritted her teeth. Trying to hold back the inkoming flood for a bit longer until she was in a squatting position. She tilted her umbrella until it covered her backside.

Marie took a deep breath and....

&&

"Aaaaaaaaahhhh~" Marie moaned as all her urine splattered against the snow below. a yellow puddle formed below her as her bladder began to shrink. Marie leaned her head forward and closed her eyes, enjoying the moment relief. she opened her eyes and let out a sigh. The fake snow was slowly absorbing the urine that kept coming out of her. Her ink color was yellow today. and so was everyone else's. Unfortunately, Marie didn't bring her charger today. So she couldn't cover the puddle up by shooting at it.

"Maybe they'll think it's just ink..." Marie thought as her bladder continued to empty itself. Eventually, the stream came to an end until just a few droplets escaped. With her free hand, she reached into her pocket and pulled out a tissue. She always had a few of these by hand. She preferred to keep herself tidy and fresh. She got up and used the tissue to clean herself up. She briefly put the tissue on the ground and pulled her tights back up. After buttoning up her coat. She took the tissue and she left it in one of the many barrels scattered around the site and walked away from the scene.

"*Phew* i feel so much better now..." Marie said to herself. She hoped that relieving herself outside was not gonna be a common occurrence. Though if the other sites were as bathroom-less as this one. yeah....

"Tadah!"

"EEK!" Marie jumped back as she was surprised by her cousin's sudden appearance.

"i found some Power Eggs! Agent 3 is gonna be so happy!" Callie said as she held a pack of Power Eggs. Right on cue, an arrow appeared next to her. Indicating that Agent 3 was about to Super Jump to their location.

*THUD*

"Welcome back,Agent 3! Look,i found you some Power Eggs!" Callie said as she excitedly handed over the pack of Power Eggs to agent 3. A little Salmonid then jumped off the agent's back and began sniffing around. it then ran towards something.

"Hey! Looks like your little buddy found something!" Callie said as the Smallfry began inching towards the rock Marie was hiding behind.

Callie, Marie and Agent 3 followed the little Salmonid until they found a small puddle of ink. The same one that Marie had left behind. This caused Marie to blush.

"Is that....Ink?" Callie said.

"Y-yeah,Probably just a spot that Agent 3 shot." Marie said nervously. Getting uncomfortable with how the Smallfry was sniffing the "ink".

"Is ink usually so..see through? the snow also seems to be absorbing it a little. i don't recall that happening with our ink." Callie said.

"I'm sure it's nothing important. L-Let's just ignore it!O-Oh! I can hear the Captain calling us!" Marie said

"I don't hear any-" Callie was interrupted by Marie.

"C'mon! Let's not keep them waiting!" Marie said as she pushed the two agents away.

"H-Hey! Marie! Hold on!" Callie yelled out as she tried to resist.

The Smallfry took another sniff and then gagged.

"THIS WAY!" Agent 3 yelled. The little Salmonid turned around and hopped back to it's friend. It then looked back at the puddle. Wondering who could've left that behind.

And that's the end of this short.

Side note:

@@to any other Splatoon players on this site. I'm a little curious. How do you guys think inkling/octoling urine works. Do they just urinate ink? Do they just pee like a human. Or do you guys do it like me and just have it be urine but with whatever color the tentacles are.

*002*2022-11-07 12:32

{{13 hours ago, Gold porcupine said:

This was amazing! Are there any more splatoon ones on the way?

}}

I do want to do one with Deep Cut somewhere down the line,but i don't really have any ideas at the moment.

Edited November 7, 2022 by OmoGamer32 (see edit history)

*004*2022-11-08 22:04

{{1 hour ago, Kingofkong said:

Very nice! The text changing color to show importance was a very good choice! Also, who made that fantastic art that was shown in the story?

}}

A Pixiv artist named:いろはす like i said at the start. The Link to the original drawing is right here.

But a warning just in case; the first picture you're gonna see upon clicking that link has a nude Callie. and the drawings past the 3rd picture have her touching herself.

%https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/100928401

