Desperate in Disguise (Meryl)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-10-01 11:10

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

This story was a suggested by @LifeIsStrange

. I hope you like this.

Meryl opened her eyes and looked around. She got up from her bed and sat at the edge. She was unaware of how much time had passed since she got taken to the cell. Meryl stood up and walked up to the door. She looked through the hole but there was nobody standing nearby. Meryl sighed and went back to her bed. She laid back down and looked at the ceiling. She placed her hands behind her head and started working out to pass the time.

A few minutes had passed and Meryl was still busy working out. She stopped when she felt someone watching her. She looked at the vent above her, but there was nobody there. She stared at the vent for a while to confirm there was nothing there and then went back to working out.

About a minute had passed and Meryl was now staring at the ceiling. The prisoner was starting to feel the urge to pee. She looked to her side and saw a toilet next to sink. Both the toilet and the sink were a little dirty, which made her cringe a little. Still, any place was better than in her pants. She looked at the vent to make sure there really wasn't anyone watching her. She then looked back at the door. She was about to get up and use the toilet until she heard a voice coming from the cell next to her. that voice didn't sound at all like the chief. She decided to ignore the pressure in her bladder for now and listen to what they were saying.

"What i'm about to tell you is classified information."

"Okay..."

"We were conducting exercises with a new type of experimental weapon."

Meryl stayed against the wall and listened to what was going on in the other cell. It was a bit difficult for her to focus on the conversation due the pressure in her bladder. She kept listening until she was startled by someone yelling....

"HEY! SHUT UP IN THERE,WILL YA?!" Meryl looked at her door. She ran up to it and looked through, she could barely see a cell guard walking away from the cell. Meryl looked at the wall and then back at the toilet. She decided to continue listening to the conversation as she could just use the toilet after they were done talking. She just hoped the conversation wouldn't last too long as the pressure was bothering her. She leaned against the wall and kept listening to the conversation.

###

"You....haven't heard any other way to disarm the PAL, have you?" one of the voices said. Meryl groaned a little. She was able to catch most of the conversation, but her bladder proved to be a bit of a distraction. Meryl looked back at the dirty toilet. She considered using it now as she felt like this conversation would go on for a while. But her thoughts were interrupted when she heard a voice groaning.

"Huh?" Meryl gasped. She got up from the bed and ran towards the door.

"Hey! What's going on?!" Meryl yelled as she started banging against her door. But the voice kept groaning. Meryl banged harder, but the voice kept groaning. and then....silence. The voice completely stopped.

"Hello?!" Meryl kept banging against the door, but she got no response.

"Hey!" a voice said. Meryl backed away from the door. The door opened and a cell guard entered the room.

"Stop banging against the door! What do you think you will...." The guard said as he approached her. Meryl didn't listen to what the guard had to say. All she was focused on was the opportunity to escape. She punched the guard and grabbed him by the neck while he was stumbling away from her. The guard tried to break free from her grasp by elbowing her in the stomach. Meryl gritted her teeth as she felt the pain from the punch and the pressure from her bladder. She threw guard against the wall. The guard tried to get up, but Meryl punched him in the face and knocked him out. Meryl looked at the entrance and the door was still open. This is it, this is her chance to escape.

But then she looked back at the toilet. The pressure in her bladder was getting harder and harder to ignore, But with the door open anyone walking by could see her relieving herself. She decided to hold it in for now and take the chance to escape. She grabbed the knocked out guard and stripped him off his uniform. After putting on that uniform, she grabbed his weapon and exited the cell. She looked around to make sure the coast was clear and then headed to her right. She took one look at the closed cell that was next to the one she came from. She tried to peek through the entrance hole and what she saw surprised her. it was the DARPA chief, but he was on the ground and he wasn't moving at all.

Meryl slowly stepped away from the cell and started moving forward. That is until she heard the cell door open. she turned around and pointed her weapon at the one who exited the cell.

"DON'T MOVE!" She yelled as the person she was aiming at stopped. she looked at the chiefs body again and pressed her weapon against the man.

"So....You killed the chief? You bastard...." Meryl said. The man turned to look at her. Meryl's eyes widened. The man looked a lot like Liquid Snake. But there was something different about him. The man took a step towards her. She kept aiming her weapon at the man. However, her hands were shaking and the pressure in her bladder made it a little difficult for her to stand completely still.

"Is this the first time you pointed a gun at a person?" the man asked. She then pulled out a gun and aimed it at her.

"Can you shoot me rookie?" The man asked. Almost as if he was taunting her. Meryl didn't say anything. She just nervously aimed her gun at him.

"You're not one of them...are you?" the man asked.

Suddenly, one of the doors opened and a bunch of guards ran through. The man immediately started gunning down the Guards that ran through the door. Meryl was aiming at the door, but she didn't pull the trigger.

"What are you waiting for?! Shoot!" The man said as he kept firing.

"Don't talk to me like i'm a rookie!" Meryl replied as she started firing wildly at every guard that came through the door. After a while, she didn't see any guards coming. She approached the door slowly, all while trying to ignore the pressure she felt with every step she took. She looked around and didn't see any guards approaching.

She exited the room and ran towards a nearby elevator. While she was running, she could feel someone staring at her again. She entered the elevator and almost immediately turned around and started firing behind her. She kept firing for a while until she was sure whoever was following her was gone. she sighed and waited for the elevator to close. She then lowered her weapon and sighed. She was starting to regret not using the toilet in her cell. She crossed her legs and looked around while waiting for the elevator to stop. She could only hope she could find a away to get out of here fast.

###

After getting out of the elevator and roaming around the place, Meryl was suddenly contacted by the same man that helped her get out of her cell. it turns out that man was the legendary Solid Snake. Her goal was to open up the Cargo and then contact him again.

Unfortunately, going around the place was more stressful than she thought. Not only did she have to worry about the guards, but she also had to worry about her need to pee. Her bladder was more full and the pressure she felt had only gotten stronger since her escape. To the point where she was starting to worry she wasn't going to make it out of here and find a toilet. It seemed her only option now was to find a place within the base to relieve herself.

But she had to ignore her needs for now, as she was busy unlocking the cardo door. After she did that, she called Snake to inform him. She put her mask back on and told him to meet her at the nuclear warhead storage building. She was supposed to stay put and wait for Snake, but she wanted to see if prove to him that she wasn't a rookie. Not only that, but she was also hoping she could find a bathroom while making her way over there.

###

She was very close to the building now. Meryl hid in the bushes and looked around. On her way here, she had to get away from a few guards that had spotted her. Compared to when she broke free from her cell, she had an easier time shooting them. But focusing on them still proved to be difficult because of her bladder. By this point, she was pretty full and the fact she had to walk on foot in a snowy environment didn't help at all. Because of this, she decided to keep running until she could reach the base. She contemplated peeing in the bushes, but that thought was quickly interrupted by a Codec Call from snake. He had found the chief engineer of Metal Gear and she was now tasked with looking after him.

"THERE SHE IS,OVER THERE!" a guard shouted. Meryl quickly hung up and ran away from the bush, with the guards giving chase. after a bit of running, she hid behind a boulder and put on her mask. she peeked from behind the boulder to see if they were still following her. Sure enough, they were standing there and looking around for her. While their backs were turned, Meryl aimed her weapon and shot both of then down.

After looking around to make sure the coast was clear, she walked away from the boulder and entered the building. Meryl placed her free hand between her legs. She felt like she was getting near her limit. She kept walking forward, hoping to find a bathroom on her way to the engineers room. She entered a hallway and saw a bunch of dead bodies laying around. and it looked like they all got cut. she walked up to the door at the end of the hallway while ignoring the bodies. She opened the door and looked around. This looked like the room she was be in, but Snake and the engineer were nowhere to be found. Meryl decided to leave the room and look around the building.

###

Meryl exited the elevator and looked around. Once the coast was clear, She exited the elevator. She saw another open door that lead to an office. as she approached the door however, she looked to her left and saw Snake standing there. He was just.....standing there and his weapon was lowered. Despite this, Meryl entered the office and ignored him. She looked around the office and to her delight, she saw another door that lead to the restrooms. Finally having a chance to relieve herself, she went through the door and saw a few seats with mirrors to her left and a few toilet stalls to her right.

Meryl quickly removed her mask and took off her uniform. She was now standing there wearing nothing but a black tank top and some gray panties. She entered a stall and closed the door. she approached the toilet and placed her weapon against the wall. After that, she turned around and pulled down her panties. She sat down on the toilet and relaxed. Almost immediately, she let out a strong stream of pee. Meryl closed her eyes and let out a relieved sigh as her stream of urine splattered against the toilet bowl and into the water.

It felt so good to let it all out after holding it in. She slowly opened her eyes and listened. Besides the sound of her peeing, there was no other noise in the room. Meryl leaned her back against the toilet and closed her eyes, waiting for the stream to end. After almost half a minute, her stream had completely stopped. A few droplets fell down and landed on the toilet bowl. the grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself clean. She then dropped it in the toilet and got up from it to pull her panties back up.

Right as she was about to flush the toilet however, she heard some footsteps. She grabbed her weapon and waited. She footsteps got louder and louder until she could see someone standing in front of her stall. Meryl waited for a while before the person standing in front of her stall walked away. She then exited her stall and aimed her weapon at him. Right at the same time, the person turned around and aimed his weapon at him. This person once again turned out to be Snake.

"Y'know...Men aren't allowed in here...." Meryl said as she lowered her weapon.

*002*2020-10-01 16:17

{{44 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Very nice story! I can totally picture that happening during the game.

}}

Glad you like it.

