HELL TOURNAMENT

Author: Omonaga

*000*2023-01-08 22:32

Welcome to the tournament of hell. You are a member of our jury, and decide the fate of many desperate girls who are struggling to survive.

Let's start with the rules:

1. The participants are banished to Hell

2. You are fighting for a chance for rebirth

3. The individual competitions are punishments

4. The last participant is born again

5. The jury decides on the competitions and awarding points

6. Points provide advantages and disadvantages

7. Eliminated are those with 10 minus points

Who should participate, human or not?

I'll wait till tomorrow, if no one has answered by then I'll pick out participants.

*008*2023-01-10 21:20

Chapter 2

The five participants line up in a line, standing in the middle of a huge, teaching stadium. A demon in butler clothes picks up a microphone “Hello ladies and gentlemen, and of course contestants, welcome to the first competition of the tournament. The contestants introduce themselves in turn and you can rate them. The most popular person gets 2 points, and the least popular -2. re-rated persons automatically get -2 points” if there are no further questions, I’ll go. “

The first in the line steps forward confidently and takes the microphone in her hand “Hello, my name is Bella, I’m from Brazil I died in a forest fire at a young age, and I’ve been in hell ever since. ” she smiles at the jury “If you choose me, I promise I won’t disappoint you, I’m willing to do anything and I’m not shy. ”

Next, three participants step forward at the same time. They seem to want to introduce each other, the left one is Maya, the right one is Sophie and the right one is Jess. Maya steps forward “Hello dear jury, we are Maya, Sophie and Jess, we are three sisters from Virginia, we have decided to introduce ourselves. ” She points to the person to her right, “That’s Jess. She’s often a bit stubborn, irritable, and proud, but she’s also a great big sister I could always rely on. ” Jess snatches the microphone from her hand. “Just forget it, vote for me!” she points to the person to her right.

“That’s Sophie, she’s a softened little bitch who couldn’t hurt a fly. See, she’s already starting to cry. ” She throws the microphone at Sophie, who drops it, while she tries to wipe the tears from her face. “Everything she just said is true, but precisely because I am so fragile I need your help, please help me I want to live. ” she seems a little more restrained, and starts talking again “there’s not much to say about Maya, she’s nice, kind and helpful, please choose her too. She’s the one who kept our family together. ” “I don’t think there’s much more to say about that,” says the demon, we come to our last participant.

“Hi I’m Maria, I’m a researcher, and I study the human body, but I’m also a bit clumsy. ” she smiles and scratches her hand at the back of her head. “Anyone who chooses me can look forward to a good time.

Who's your favorite, and what kind of verse should the loser get?

I'll keep writing in two days at the latest.

*013*2023-01-28 20:51

Hi, sorry for the late continuation, I had some things to do.

By the way, thanks to Orangelion for the tips, I'll try to take them into account.

Chapter 3

The scores were displayed on a giant screen in the middle of the stadium, but the result was surprising. The jury was divided into two groups (Bella and Maria).

Since the result was so surprising, the scoring was changed, Maria and Bella get one point, the other three lose one.

(Should I name the advantages and disadvantages or should they be a surprise for the jury and the participants?

The spokesman announced the rules of the first competition "There are 4 liters of various drinks on these tables back there, whoever drinks them first wins, the points are distributed according to speed"

The five participants sat down at the table, a countdown began, 10...9...8...7...6...5...

Please answer my question above, which of the five participants should win

A: Bella

B: Maria

C: Maya

D:Sophie

E: Jess


