The Perfectly Planned Date

Author: Omopees

*000*2023-02-01 12:25

This is one my first attempts at writing a story that I put some actual work into, I never really did this in high school or college so I’m still trying to find my style. Any feedback is welcome, and enjoy.

The perfect date

I have the knack, I'm a master planner and I can scheme with the best of them. I often think about how others would use this talent I have, confidence schemes, fraud, ocean 11s type shit. It’s how I justify to myself the stuff I do do with it. Because no matter how you tilt it, making a few women wet themselves through meticulously planned dates hardly makes me a villain now does it? Yes, pee themselves. I make them pee themselves. watch them go red or better yet and this has happened a few times they seem to enjoy it more then they will admit. Tonight's game was to get a woman to pee herself while in a diaper, all while making it seem like her idea was one of my more ambitious plans. stared at an Indiana place. Everything was in place the people were bribed, the bathrooms were tampered with, the props were in order.

I arrived early, the place was nice, the restaurant was connected to a fancy old hotel, the kind with a chandelier and a grand piano in the lobby. I was lucky to have found this place it certainly seemed like a reasonable place to take a date but it was quite popular for it having some of the hottest curry in the world, I of course didn’t let on that I knew that I made it sound like it was just nice restaurant in town I wanted to to try out.

When I was settled I quietly asked my waiter if he wanted to make an easy 100, and he agreed, all he had to do was whatever my date order was to make it extra spicy and don’t acknowledge it. I ordered a bottle of wine and poured myself a glass, then slipped some diuretics into the already diuretic drink. she arrived late, I suspected a rather unhelpful valet was to blame for this, I saw her glance towards the bathroom but I stood up and greeted her before she could make it. Her name was Amber she was blonde and skinny, with glasses, I would say she was under dressed wearing jeans and a shirt.

But I had worked in a fancy department store my junior year of college and my best guess was the outfit probably cost 400 dollars with the shoes and the jewelry, so who am I to judge. As we sat down we started talking, I poured her a glass of wine as I asked, “ your tinder said you're a communications professor, at the community college what’s that like.” “I mean ,I guess I just considered myself a teacher, I haven't really done academic stuff since grad school. I coach the speech and debate team which is fun in most of the speech classes.

The majority of people hate being there but I mean oh well what about you you said you were a civil engineer” and the conversation went on like that. She drank the wine liberally, and when we ordered she ordered the classic chicken tikka masala and I ordered goat korma, she asked for another glass of wine. the food arrived as she took a bite her eyes widened, “ man they don’t fuck around with the spicy here”, I nodded my curry was also pretty spicy although I’m sure her’s is much more so.

As she ate I could see involuntary tears form as she ate, and she polished off the glass and then stared at the pitcher of water, by the time we were down she must’ve drank 2 glasses of wine and maybe 5 or 6 waters. This was needless to say going as planned. After getting the check I suggested we go window shopping. she agreed but excused herself to go to the bathroom, Amber came back looking frustrated. “What happened, I asked.” “ the bathroom is out of order” we agreed that we would find somewhere else with a bathroom, I suggested we get dessert at a ice cream shop across the street, as we crossed the street a there was not one but two ads for female incontinence product, the ice cream shop, although serving very good ice cream, also didn’t have a bathroom. As we walked around the ads for diapers followed us, we walked through a park, and the public restroom there too was out of order.

“Fuck I have to piss”, she Amber said, I suggested we go into a grocery story, and see if theres a bathroom in there. And that one as well was out of order, she looked around frantically her legs crossing and uncrossing and the ads payed off, her eyes widened as a thought crossed her she didn’t say anything and simply walked towards the adult diaper section the only ones left on the shelf were large white ones similar looking to rearz, she quietly grabbed a package and sorta walk-ran legs squeezed together the whole time, to the selfcheck out, I quietly asked if she wanted to go to my place and try to make it.

I saw hope in her eyes and she agreed. We made our way back. I thought I saw a small wet patch form, but I didn’t want to make it look like I was looking. As we got to the parking garage where I parked my car no velt needed. She stopped and stared at the car, “I-I shouldn’t be in there I'll probably just ruin your car” she said, she looking extremely embarrassed said hold on and went to the the other side of the car I could hear her tal king of her pants.

And fumble around with something for awhile, until I heard a even more embarrassed “can-can you help me” she was standing there pants and panties by her knees a diaper in between her legs, I tried not to show how hot I found it, I walked up to her and fastened the diaper being careful not to be to forward. She crossed her legs, and she let out a little sound, my hand still on her diaper. I felt it become warm. The subtle sound of trickling filled the silence of the parking garage.

I leaned in and kissed her. Putting my hand against her diaper she leaned into it, her diaper running against my hand. She pulled back, and looked at me with a new expression and without a word she opened the back of the car as we lay there I rubbed her diaper, she stared moaning and I made her cum loudly hips throwing back and then we fucked like we were both 20 again. After we were done. She grinned, stretching “I’ll see you back home” slipping our wedding ring back on. Reader I may have lied to you, I’m not a mastermind I don’t need to be, it’s our 8th anniversary, the kids are back home with a babysitter and I’m a very lucky guy.

End.

I don't know how well I pulled of the twist but I hope it at least gives a satisfyingly ending , anyway thanks for reading

