Desperate School Day [Interactive]

Author: OmoEva

*000*2016-04-10 09:13

Desperate School Day

Amy walked into Odette high school, today was her first day at this new school. She was wearing a floral pastel pink tee shirt with black skinny jeans. She had blonde hair,green eyes, and a petite body. Amy made her way to the school office."Excuse me, I'm new here. Would you happen to have a schedule?" She asked.

The office lady nodded and quickly handed her a schedule. "We have a student who will show you around." A nerdy looking guy appeared seemingly out of nowhere and introduced himself. He explained everything to her and walked her to her class. She thanked him and made her way into the classroom, full with students by now.

"Ah you must be Amy, I am Mrs. Baines. Please take a seat." The teacher said.

Amy took her seat and noticed the students whispering to each other and staring at her. She blushed and took out a textbook for the class and pretended to be reading it. After a few minutes the students seemed to grow bored and began paying attention to the lesson again. Amy breathed a sigh of relief. Hopefully this class would go well.

A few minutes into the lesson and Amy noticed a strange heaviness in her bladder region. That was strange she had only gone to the bathroom before she came to school. Which wasn't too long ago, she couldn't possibly have to go again. Amy glanced at the clock, wondering when class would be over.

What should she do?

[Take out a water bottle from her backpack and take a few gulps]

[Raise her hand to go to the bathroom]

[Other, please specify]

*010*2016-04-19 06:15

Amy decided to wait a bit longer, and play with some stuff on her desk to distract herself. Her need didn't seem too bad. Plus she hadn't had bladder problems since she was twelve, why would it choose to come back now? Amy flipped through her text book and then began doodling on a piece of notebook paper. Soon she forgot all about having to pee.

The bell rang and soon class was over. Amy stood up and gathered her stuff together. Looking at her schedule she realized that P.E was next, she let out a sigh as she made her way out of the classroom. Why of all the classes, did it have to be P.E? She was horrible at it and not to mention clumsy. She looked around and realized, she had no idea where the next class was. The school map she received was mighty confusing and not beginner friendly. Amy could feel her anxiety rising, worried she would be late for P.E class. She saw that the hallways were already becoming empty, and no way was she going to let a security guard escort her to class. That would be embarrassing!

She had to decide soon, on what she was going to do.

[Ask someone at the office for help]

[Wander around the school]

[Other,please specify]

*016*2016-04-20 08:17

Amy decided to ask someone for help. She noticed someone still shuffling through his locker, it was the nerdy guy that helped her this morning! What was his name again? Leo!

"Hey Leo! Do you think you could help me find the gym room?" She asked approaching the young male at his locker.

He wasn't bad looking, he had close cropped hair and black plastic rimmed glasses. He nearly dropped his books, startled by the sudden appearance of a young female. Not to mention a pretty one. "H-hi! Um...Amy right? I-I can show you to the gym room." He said nervously trying not to make eye contact.

"Really? That would be great!" Amy said happily.

As they began to walk, Amy suddenly remembered her need to pee. Her bladder was mighty full by now. She worried she might not make it through gym class. They finally made it to the gym class and everyone was told to go outside to the nearby trail and walk the whole time. Amy thanked Leo and headed out, the gym teacher didn't let her hold up the class by changing clothes. So she went in the clothes she was wearing, outside to the trail.

Everyone joined up with their group of friends, while Amy walked by herself. She squeezed her thighs together and continued walking. Her bladder felt like a overfull water pitcher. Amy could feel herself dribbling slowly.

What should she do?

[Try to drink her water bottle, to have a bottle to pee in]

[Try and hold it longer]

