Dripping down the sides

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-10-20 18:50

The gymnast was in need to pee so bad but knew she had to practice for the competition. Every move she'd moan from desperation. Her legs stuck together but she knew she had to stretch her body. She widened her legs in an attempt of doing the splits but halfway through her bladder gave in. Drip after drip, she knew something was wrong. She quickly put her legs back together and fell to the ground with her hands in between her legs. It was no use. Her urine spilled all over her legs, a puddle forming underneath her ass. The bottom of her leotard shining with pee.

I woke up. What a dream. I felt the urge to pee but was also majorly turned on. If only I had more dreams like this. I grabbed my laptop off my nightstand, opened it, and tried to find a good video to have fun with. I was in a rush as I couldn't wait for the action. I rolled my blanket up and put my legs around it and lightly humped it as the girl in the video fidgeted around. Her legs squeezing her hands holding herself. I started humping harder as she breathed loudly in desperation, I saw a drip darken her grey leggings. It was going great until I heard some footsteps. I really didn't want to stop but getting caught was also not needed. The footsteps got louder. It was hard but I got off my blanket, got in it, and opened a new tab on my laptop. Thank god, because seconds later the door opens and my mother steps in.

"Oh, you're awake," she said. "Quite early for you on a weekend." she laughed.

"Yeah, I don't know," I told her. But I obviously did. I woke up because of that dream. Remembering it, my hand got closer to my crotch. But rubbing myself while my mother stood there was not the best idea. I loved her but I just really wanted her to leave so I can continue.

"Well, anyway, I didn't make breakfast but I bought groceries. I'll be out running errands all day to take care of yourself and if you need anything, call."

"Will do," I told her trying to finish up the conversation. She left the room, gently closing the door behind her. I wanted to keep going but locking the door first would probably be a better option. I ran and locked the door quickly and went back to humping my blanket while watching the video. The girl in the video crossed her legs in hope of keeping it in, but drops of pee dribbled down her legs. I humped the blanket even harder. Then the girl went from drops to leaking before a large piled formed around her. She let out a sigh of relief. I got up from the blanket. My legs still wrapped around the blanket, breathing heavily.

The urge to pee hit me again. I got up to walk to the bathroom but stopped halfway through. My mom will be out doing errands all day, I remembered. A smile spread across my face as the idea came to mind, and all of you know what idea I'm talking about. I went downstairs and saw my mom's car gone outside the window. She left. I walked to the kitchen and made some coffee in a cute grey mug, sipping the coffee slowly. I was wearing nothing but an oversized maroon sweater and underwear underneath.

I fidgeted around for a while until I tasted the sugary end of the coffee. I placed the mug in the sink and drank a glass of water to freshen up my mouth from the sweetness of the sugar. I watched Netflix for about an hour trying to ignore my bladder but it started to get bad. I was squirming around the couch, my hands next to my crotch at all times. I was getting desperate. I got up and drank two glasses of berry juice and some shaved ice from Thursday's party. Blue raspberry flavored just like I like it. I knew I was pretty much torching my bladder but I liked the feeling.

30 minutes passed. My bladder was completely full. I was getting desperate to a point where I can barely move. I stood at the living room moving away from the carpet in case I had an accident. My upper thighs stuck to each other, not willing to let go. Both my hands underneath. A couple drops leaked out spreading across my underwear. I moaned with desperation for a while before hearing the "ding" of the doorbell. This isn't the time I thought. I walked to the door and opened it, my legs still together and trying not to look like I was bursting. It was my mom, which at age 16, I wasn't about to have an accident in front of.

"Mom?"

"Hey hun," She smiled at me. I leaked again trying not to cover up my desperation.

"I-I thought you'd be home at night."

"I was," she said. "I'm just here to pick up keys for the office and I'll be out." Thank god, I thought to my self. "But honey,"

"Yes?" I said trying to rush the conversation.

"Will you make me a cup of coffee?" Fuckkkk

"Can't you make it?"

"No, I'm in a hurry," she said and rushed upstairs to grab her keys. Okay, we got this. It's JUST a cup of coffee. I walked to the kitchen in a struggle to keep it in. I heated up the kettle while I bent down in desperation. I grabbed a mug and poured the coffee into it, shaking. I heard my mom's footsteps down the stairs and handed her the coffee quickly.

"Here you go," I said trying to sound as normal as possible.

"Thanks, sweetheart," she said as she closed the door behind her.

I locked the door behind her and rushed upstairs leaving drops behind. I was done with this. I just wanted to use the bathroom. But as I got to my room I hesitated, looking at the bathroom. I wanted-NEEDED to pee but I couldn't figure out if I wanted to do it in my pants or in the toilet. I took longer than expected as I felt my pants dampen. I was leaking and spurting. Not knowing what to do, I ran to my bed, rolled up blanket, swung my legs over it and just started peeing out of control. Urine dripping down the sides of the blanket as I humped it. It was getting darker and darker. I loved every second of it. Pee making its way up to my ass going down the sides, dripping down my things. After I finished peeing I continued to dumb the blanket before getting up to clean it.

*001*2018-10-20 19:12

{{21 minutes ago, OmoLegend said:

. After I finished peeing I continued to dumb the blanket before getting up to clean it.

}}

*hump

Sorry

