A break in the forest (Fire Emblem Awakening short)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-12-17 22:34

I'm not really sure if i'm supposed to include a spoiler warning here considering that the game has been out for over 9 years now. That and this twist is pretty well known amongst fire emblem fans and to those who've played Super Smash Bros. But just to be safe uhh....

SPOILER ALERT FOR FIRE EMBLEM AWAKENING!

###

Alright,let's get into the short.

"Well,you certainly fight like a hero." Chrom said to the swordsman standing before him. Him and his companions were now standing in front of a hero that had helped them fight off a bunch of Risen that had suddenly appeared in the forest where they were camping.

"Where did you learn to fight like that?" Chrom asked. The hero remained silent and looked at the Prince through his mask.

"I'm not here to talk about me. This world teeters at the bring of a horrible calamity. What you saw was but a prelude." The hero said.

He turned around and began walking away.

"You have been warned" The hero said.

"Huh? What's teetering where now? H-Hey! Get back here!" Lissa yelled. But her words fell on deaf ears as the mysterious hero walked away and disappeared into the bushes.

"Not much for a conversation,is he?" The amnesiac right behind them asked.

"It appears his skills lie elsewhere. I am certain we will hear his name again.But for now,we should make haste to the capitol." Frederick said.

"Right! Let us make haste!" Chrom said. The prince and his friends advanced forward. Unbeknownst to them,the hero watched them walk away while taking cover behind the trees.

"We will meet again soon." The hero said. He stared at the sky and turned away from the path.

"I should find a place to rest for now." The hero said. He took a few steps forward,but then stopped in his tracks. He quickly placed both of his hands between his legs and crossed them.

"Oh....i should probably find somewhere to relieve myself first." He said to himself. In the heat of the battle from earlier,he had failed to notice his bladder slowly filling up. But now that the danger was no longer distracting him,the pressure had comeback with full force. The hero went deeper into the forest to make absolutely sure nobody could see him. Once he was far away enough,he looked around one last time and then looked at a tree right in front of him.

"This seems like a good spot." He said to himself as he undid his belt. He then put his hands around his tights and pulled them down. He pulled them down until they reached his boots. He then lifted up the clothes that were covering his privates,revealing that....he wasn't actually a "he". The hero had the private parts of a woman.

"I can do this..." The hero thought. He began spreading...*Ahem*...She began spreading her legs a little until her tights started stretching. She then placed both her hands on her labia and spread them. With a thrust of her hips,She relaxed and soon a powerful stream of urine came out of her. The stream went in a slight arc before splashing against the three in front of her. She let out a sigh and looked down at the stream.

After she began using her disguise,she began learning to pee while standing up. It made her look more like a dude and she quickly found it to be more convenient than squatting. Of course,the first few tries weren't without a few splashes on her clothes. But now? she couldn't help but be a little in amazed. She was peeing while standing up with little trouble.

After a while,her bladder had become completely empty and only a few drops escaped. She looked around and sighed. She had nothing to wipe with. She pulled up her tights and briefly shivered at the sudden cold. She then tightened her belt again and looked at the darkened floor in front of her. With a smile,the masked hero soon left the tree and began looking for somewhere to rest.

