Madison Paige and Ethan Mars: Making Water and Making Love

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-09-25 03:28

Madison waited in anticipation, getting ready as she carefully laid down a soft towel on the bed. Of course she and Ethan had kissed and made out multiple times in various states of undress over the past year, however they never truly went all the way. Tonight would be their first, and to spice things up a bit Madison had decided to retain her urine. It had taken a lot of courage, but knowing how in love they were, she eventually told her dear Ethan about her urination kink some months ago. He was a little taken back at first, but after giving it some consideration he realized the idea was pleasing to him as well. Granted he didn’t enjoy wetting himself whereas she loved the feeling, but taking a leak was still fun enough and he certainly didn’t mind watching her do so. As a matter of fact, having her urinate during sex was Ethan’s idea. Madison was originally going to just do so right in front of him, but he held up a hand to stop her.

Six Months Ago

“I don’t understand, I thought you wanted to see?” Madison questioned. “I do, I do.” Ethan reassured with a hint of amusement. “I just wanted to save it for our first time.”

“So, you want me to piss while we fuck?” This time Ethan started laughing out loud for real. “A little blunt but yes, that’s the idea.”

“You’re laughing, yet my words seem to have made you pitch a tent.” Madison noticed with a smirk as she stared at Ethan’s crotch, his hidden hard-on poking painfully through his jeans. “Still, how are we going to do it? I don’t think it’s possible.”

“Sure it is. Simply just hold it. While we make love, I’ll do my best to hit you in the right spot to make you squirt.”

“That’s not exactly the same thing, Ethan.”

“It’s not, but if you have to urinate it’ll definitely follow right after.”

“In other words, our bed’s gonna be soaked.” Madison summarized. “Yeah, there’s still gonna have to be more preparation, but at least we got the most important part down.” Ethan replied with a devilish grin. The two kissed once again, until Madison excused herself to rush to the toilet. He listened to the trickle resonating as he pressed his ear to the doorway, then stepped aside as she exited. “I thought you wanted to wait?” she questioned with a naughty smirk. “I technically wanted to wait to see what happened. Hearing on the other hand certainly wasn’t a limitation. It was just to give myself a bit of an idea.” Ethan replied innocently. The two laughed in harmony.

Back to the current day, Madison was clad in her black tank top and purple panties, her jeans kicked to the side. The urine bubbling within her bladder, begging to be released. She rubbed her genitals to soothe herself, reassuring that the time would come. Eventually Ethan arrived, shirtless and in his jeans. The two smiled, then slowly approached each other. Without a word, they began, leaning in and kissing each other, exploring the other’s mouths amorously. After locking lips and tongues, the two lovers began to remove their partner’s clothing. Ethan slowly lifted Madison’s tank top over her torso, admiring her petite yet perky breasts and especially pleased at how hard her nipples had become.

Madison returned the favor and unbuttoned Ethan’s jeans, then slowly toying with the zipper, causing his cock to twitch with anticipation. She eventually tugged them down, along with his boxers. His manhood fully sprang, causing Madison to giggle as she kissed the head, then slowly enveloped his dick with her lips. Ethan moaned as she wrapped her tongue around his length and started to bob her head. Just when it was beginning to get too much he slowly pulled away. He started to look down at the floor in embarrassment.

“Sorry Maddie, it’s been a while for me.”

“Ethan, there’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Nothing can ruin tonight.”

“Maybe, but that’s not gonna stop me from making love the best I can. Besides, you’re still in your panties. Drop them so I can return the favor.” he replied in a husky voice. “Look at you getting all authoritative.” she teased as she slowly tugged them down, then tossed them aside. She stood with her hands behind her back so Ethan could see. It was only fair since she had gotten a full peak at his physique way back when they first met. He could only stare in awe, pleased at her long legs and landing strip pubes housed between them. All that was left was to get a good look at the treasure in between.

“Lie down on the bed Maddie. I want to explore every inch of your body.”

“Yes Mr. Mars.” the young photojournalist giggled once more. It was funny, she was sharp and tough as nails, however she loved being dominated in the bedroom. Ethan was the opposite; he was relatively simple and abiding, but once he was feeling amorous he took charge. Her heart raced as she lay down on the bed and towel, spreading her legs wide so he could get a good look at her slit. To her surprise however, he instead opted to cup her face and stared into her eyes lovingly. “I love you Madison. I know it sounds cheap since we’re about to have sex, but I mean it. I’m glad to have met you.”

“Ethan, I love you too. You’re one of the few people I could trust and I’m glad to have shared this moment with you. And don’t worry about feeling cheap, you’re anything but.”

With that being said, Madison lifted her neck and kissed her man with all the feeling she could muster. He returned it, going gentle at first but soon matching and even outclassing her own kissing as he slipped some tongue in and even bit at her lower lip, causing her to gasp. Then he sucked and licked on her neck. As he went lower she assumed he would go for her breasts next but to her surprise he went for her armpits and biceps, gently laying soothing kisses on the pale and bare skin. Eventually he did go for the twin mounds, licking and biting her nipples, causing her breath to hitch. Next, he kissed and lapped at her abs and belly button while massaging her milky thighs. Her stomach was doing flops and her heart was pouncing.

‘He wasn’t kidding when he said he was going to explore every inch of my body, he’s such a loving gentleman and absolute hunk at the same time.’ Madison internally gushed. Finally Ethan put his head in between her thighs. First he playfully pulled at her landing strip, then kissed in between her thighs while admiring her genitals. The labia were bright punk and the folds had an outie texture, her slit opening and closing in anticipation. Best of all, arousal fluid coated her genitals, letting him know it was time.

He breathed on her slit a little, toyed with her clit, then immediately tongue dived. “ETHAN!” she gasped, shocked at how he had suddenly switched tactics, although she certainly didn’t mind. His tongue flicked against her pearl, then went pack to tongue-thrusting her labia. Madison was moaning the entire time, wrapping her legs around his neck and gyrating her hips to let him know how good he was doing. Soon her genitals let her know that nature would be calling sooner than warranted if he kept it up.

“Ethan stop, I’m near my limit, I really have to go!” she worriedly told him. He stopped what he was doing and got on his knees, looking at his lover in concern. As aroused as he was knowing what was going to happen, her safety and comfort came first. “So what now?”

“What do you think, silly? Stick it in.”

“Are you sure?”

“Of course. And don’t worry about lasting long, I know you have what it takes. Just do what comes natural and I’ll help you if you need it.”

“Do you want to be on top?”

“No, we’ll do that next time. Missionary has always been my favorite. Now do it. Make love to me, Ethan.”

“Yes, Maddie.” Ethan replied as he gripped his cock, aligning it with her cunt Once satisfied, he bucked his hips and sent his cock straight through her vagina. Immediately she gasped and arched her back in pleasure.

“Yes Ethan, yes!” she moaned as he continued to thrust into her with a steady tempo. Her walls tightened in encouragement, and she bucked with him when the head of his dick brushed against her G-Spot. “More, MORE! FUCK ME ETHAN!! FUCK MY PUSSY!!” the woman screamed in pleasure. “OH MADDIE!” Ethan cried back as he continued to pound her. “Oh, I’m gonna piss, I’m gonna cum!” Hearing these words caused Ethan to speed up and ram her even faster, and reached his limit as well.

First he withdrew and ejaculated on the towel. Immediately after Madison screamed in ecstasy and squirted with rigor, the clear liquid bursting at full force. After coming down from her orgasmic high she relaxed her genitals and urinated, the pale gold fluid pouring out her genitals and creating a large and damp puddle that thoroughly soaked the towel. While she lay down, Ethan got up to reach for some towelettes, then spread her legs and gently wiped her labia free of any urine and other fluid. “Still quite the gentleman.” Madison giggled. “Anything for you dear.” he responded with a final kiss. The two threw the towel in the laundry then went back to bed, both immensely satisfied.

Ending Note: So yeah, this is the true conclusion to Madison and Ethan’s story. I’m still learning how to write sex scenes so I hope this isn’t too bad. At least I had a lot of fun, and hope to release a little more frequently. Be patient and take care everyone.

