Poké Pee Peril (Professor Ivy - Pokemon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-08-23 20:36

This story was suggested by @LifeIsStrange

It was another sunny day on Valencia Island. A Pokémon professor exited her lab and made her way to the nearby forest. This was Professor Ivy,a Pokémon researcher and breeder. And right behind her were her 3 assistants. One of them was pushing a small cart filled with various types of food. She grabbed a bottle of water from the cart and took a swig from it. The weather on the island was very hot and a lot of Pokémon on this island looked different because of the climate. Eventually,The Professor arrived at the forest where they took care of the Pokémon.

"Guys! It's time to eat! One of the assistants shouted. Slowly but surely,Several Pokémon crawled out of the bushes and trees to come get their food. Both the assistants and the Professor grabbed the bowls and placed them down to let the Pokémon eat. One of the Pokémon approached and started eating from the bowl she placed down.

This Pokémon is a Vileplume. Unlike your average Vileplume,this Vileplume had a different color thanks to the climate. Professor Ivy smiled and patted this Vileplume as it kept eating. This particular Vileplume was about to lay an Egg soon and Professor Ivy couldn't wait to welcome a new Pokémon to this island.

"Isn't this exciting? We'll have a new Pokémon joining us soon!" Professor Ivy said to playfully. The Vileplume jumped up and down and continued eating.

"*Phew* Today is way hotter than i expected." Ivy said to none in particular. One of her assistants promptly appeared behind her and handed her a water bottle. Ivy looked at the Vileplume while chugging down the water. The Vileplume had just finished eating and began walking away. The Professor put the bottle back in the cart and followed it......

####

The Vileplume was now playing with other Pokémon. The professor Sat down and looked at the Pokémon while taking yet another sip from her bottle.

"How is it going with the Vileplume professor?" One of the assistants asked.

"It seems to be having fun,just like usual." Professor Ivy said as she emptied the bottle. The assistant took the now empty bottle and put it away. The assistant then approached the Vileplume and started playing with it and the other Pokémon. Ivy remained seated and kept her eye on the Vileplume. The Vileplume could lay an Egg any minute now and she did not want to miss it. However,the Vileplume didn't seem to be preparing for it. Maybe it was gonna take a bit longer. However,Missing out on the event was not the only thing she was starting to worry about.

All the water she had drank up until this point was beginning to make its way to her bladder. The professor crossed her legs and kept looking at the Pokémon. However,Now that she noticed the pressure,she seemed to be having some trouble ignoring it. Thankfully,Another Pokémon started rubbing it's head against her legs,briefly distracting her from the now-growing pressure. She reached down and patted the Pokémon,with a gentle smile still being plastered on her face.

###

Professor Ivy took out a notepad and started making a report of everything she saw. So far the Pokémon all behaved like they did usually. As she wrote the report,She kept glancing at the Vileplume. It still didn't seem to be ready to lay an egg yet,So the Professor went make to making notes. The professor looked at the empty bottle that laid next to the seat she was at earlier. Because of the hot weather,she kept drinking to stay hydrated. But this had the unfortunate side effect of increasing the amount of urine in her bladder. Now she was having a harder time ignoring her bladder. And despite the fact that the lab was just a few minutes away,She didn't want to leave and risk missing the Pokémon laying the Egg.

"Professor Ivy? Are you okay?" One of the assistants asked. Ivy turned around and saw the assistant staring back at her with a worried look.

"Oh,everything is fine. I'm just waiting." Ivy replied.

"Oh of course. It usually takes quite some time before the Pokémon lays their eggs,right?" The assistant said. She pulled out another bottle of water from her pocket and held it in front of the professor.

"Do you need another one?"

"Oh no. I'm good." Professor Ivy said.

"Are you sure? It's important to stay hydrated on this island."

"Positively,I feel like i'm hydrated enough." Ivy replied while subconsciously crossing her leg. However,this went unnoticed by the assistant,who simply nodded and decided to drink from the bottle herself. The professor looked away and glanced back at the Vileplume.

"Still not ready. This is gonna take a while." The professor said while brushing her hair.

###

"I've brought more food!" One of the assistants yelled,the Pokémon gathered around her and started eating once again.

"Professor,Would you like to help me feed the Gyarados?" One of the assistants said.

"Oh,of course!" The professor said. She was now holding her notes in front of her lower body and her free hand was located between her legs. Her bladder was now starting to demand all of her attention,wich made focusing on all the Pokémon more difficult. She enjoyed feeding the Gyarados,but now she was somewhat dreading it. Gyarados was a Water type and stayed in a pond. And looking at water was the last thing the professor wanted to do right now. Ivy and her assistant arrived at the pond and the assistant threw some food into the water. The splashes made the Professor feel uneasy and the Gyarados that jumped out of the water didn't do much to distract her from her increasingly-aching bladder.

"Professor,Is everything okay?" The assistant asked.

"Y-yeah! I'm perfectly fine." Ivy said. She looked back at the Vileplume,But it still didn't seem to be ready to lay that egg. No matter how much the pressure in her bladder grew,she didn't want to leave and she didn't quite feel comfortable revealing her needs to her assistants. She threw some food in the water,with each splash making her bladder throb. She crossed her legs and once she was sure the assistant wasn't looking,she jammed her hands even further down her legs.

###

She looked down at the Vileplume and it still seemed to be playing around and eating. The professor was now sweating,and not just because of the island. Her bladder was begging for relief,But she still couldn't bring herself to go back to the lab and take care of it there. The lab was a few minutes away and the egg could be laid in those few minutes. She kept following the Vileplume around in the hopes that it would soon lay that egg.

But seconds turned into minutes and minutes soon turned into a half hour. By this point,The professor could no longer stand still. She was being very fidgety,She would occasionally jam her hands between her legs and her Assistants were quick to notice the growing discomfort. However,the Professor kept reassuring them that she was fine. They had offered her some water,thinking that the weather was making her act like this,but she kept denying the bottles.

The professor kept glancing back and forth at the Vileplume and them back at path to the lab. She still didn't want to leave the Vileplume,but she was starting to reach her limit. She then decided that Maybe it would be best for her to pee right here in the forest.

"The Pokémon do it all the time. It wouldn't be a problem...." The professor rationalised. However,she had another problem; Her assistants were still there. They seemed to be pretty far away now. But she had no doubt that if any of them looked this way,they would see her peeing. She hastily looked around and her eyes widened when she noticed 2 more Vileplumes playing with the Vileplume she had her eyes on. That's when she got an idea.

"Hey little buddies Would you all kindly follow me?" The professor asked. The Vileplumes got behind the professor and followed her near some bushes.

"You've been quite busy today,maybe you should get some rest. and this seems like quite a good spot." She then turned to the vileplume.

"Could you two watch over your partner?" The professor asked. The other two Vileplumes nodded and sat next to their fellow Vileplume. Thanks to their size,the 3 vileplumes made for bigger cover than the bushes right behind them. Not only that,but this would also allow her to keep an eye on the Pokémon while relieving herself.

"Ahhh!" Another twinge went through her body. The professor crossed her legs and carefully snuck around the Vileplumes and went behind the bushes. Sure enough,The Vileplumes made for excellent cover. Now that she was covered,she quickly lifted her skirt up and pulled down her black panties.

"Ahh....I made the right choice in not wearing my swimsuit today.." The professor whispered to herself. Indeed,had she had done that,it would take longer for her to get it off,and she'd be butt-naked. But thankfully that was not the case. With nothing more in the way,She crouched and spread her legs further and further until her but was a few inches above the grass. And it didn't take long for all the pressure to be released. A powerful stream of pee splattered against the grass below,making a loud splashing noise.

The professor closed her eyes and a smile started appearing back on her face. With the feeling of relief going through her body,she couldn't resist letting out a moan. Her head fell back and her face had gotten a little red. She leaned her head back forward and let out another sigh as her stream continued. She turned around and the Vileplume was still there,with no signs of an egg. However,the other Vileplumes seemed to be trying to comfort her. Could it be? Perhaps it wouldn't take long for the professor to find out as her stream had began slowing down at that very moment. Eventually it had weakened until only a few drops came out.

"Hmmm...no paper to wipe with..." The Professor said. There were a few leaves on the ground however. The professor sighed and grabbed one of them. After using it to get rid of the last bit of wetness,she pulled her panties back up and straightened her skirt. She went back to the Vileplumes and saw them still comforting their fellow Vileplume. The vileplume seemed to be a bit more relaxed now. The professor starred at it with curiosity until it got up. The professor's eyes lit up.

There it was,The egg she had been waiting for. The Vileplume got up and walked away from the Egg. The professor gently picked it up and smiled. The assistants soon approached the professor and looked at her with just as much curiosity.

"Everyone...Please welcome our newest member."

