Airport Relief (Kyu and Ashley-Huniepop)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-06-10 11:22

This short story is based off Lillian and Ashley's first cutscene in Huniepop 2:Double Date.

"Ugh..i wish the plane would've crashed. Maybe then she'd finally be happy...." Lillian said. Her cousin looked at her and rolled her eyes.

"Alright,drama queen. calm down. It'll be fun! You'll see." Ashley said.

"Tch...Whatever.." Lillian said. Ashley turned to her partner,who was staring back at her with a nervous smile.

"She's umm....interesting." They whispered. Ashley chuckled and smiled.

"You get used to it." Ashley whispered back. The group of three were ready to leave the airport. Unbeknownst to everyone except Ashley's partner,a fourth party was there watching.

"Man,i thought you already dealt with the Mega Bitch before." A pink love fairy by the name of Kyu said. The partner tried not to laugh,but a little snort escaped from their nose.

"What are you thinking about back there,sweet cheeks?" Ashley asked.

"Oh...Nothing,i just remembered something funny." They replied. Nobody except them could see Kyu,so if they told them ashley that they were talking to a pink girl with butterfly wings,she'd probably look at them funny. Ashley stopped and turned to her partner.

"Hey! uhh..." Ashley said.

She had to leave her hotel room pretty early to meet her cousin on time. Lillian was incredibly moody and would've likely complained about Ashley being late if she had arrived even a minute late to the airport. So she decided to leave as soon as she could. so soon she forgot to use the restroom before leaving her hotel room. The weather on Inna de Poona was usually very hot and today was no different,so she had to stay hydrated while waiting for her cousin. Now it seemed like all those drinks had made its way to her bladder and she didn't want to spend an entire car trip holding it in so...

"Hey,sweet cheeks, entertain my cousin for a minute will ya? i'll be right back." Ashley said. She left the group looked for any bathroom signs and after a short walk,she found the ladies room.

"Ugh....She's gonna take forever." Lillian complained.

"Oh great,now we're stuck babysitting count snatchula.." Kyu said sarcastically.

###

Ashley entered the stall and locked the door. She turned around approached the toilet while unbuttoning her shorts. She grabbed the waist of her shorts and pulled them down slightly,revealing some lacey black panties that contrasted with the bikini top she was wearing under her shirt. She pulled down her panties and exposed her shaved pussy and then let them drop to the floor along with her shorts. She sat down on the toilet and let go off her hold on her bladder.

A stream of urine trickled against the bowl below her and made its way down to the water below here. Ashley sighed and smiled as a wave of relief went through her body. It always felt so good to pee after holding it in. It almost came pretty close to the feeling of having an orgasm. Ashley opened her eyes and stared at the ceiling as her bladder continued to be emptied. There have been many times were ashley purposely held it in until she was at her limit. And while she has let out a few spurts in the past,she has never really completely wet herself.

"Hmmm....Now that i think about it. I wonder if they enjoy this too?" ashley said to herself. A lot of these holdings were done while she was with her partner. And Ashley usually didn't try to hide it when she was desperate. Whenever that would happen,she often noticed her partner staring at her. Maybe he enjoyed seeing her desperate. Maybe he even fantasized about doing sometime like this with her. It wouldn't surprise her if that was the case,that perv seemed to be down for any fetish.

Ashley's stream got a little weaker and then completely stopped. She then grabbed some toilet paper and cleaned her pussy with it. After dropping it in the toilet,she pulled up her shorts and panties and flushed the toilet. After exiting the stall,she washed her hands and grinned.

###

"Maybe i will just get drunk and let a bunch of guys have their way with me..." Lillian said. Kyu groaned. On one hand,this girl seemed to be down for a threesome,which is exactly what she needed for her mission. But on the other hand,having to listen to her talk about how much she wants to die and how much she hates her parents got annoying real fast. And that annoyance didn't do much to distract Kyu from how badly she needed to pee right now. She wasn't proud to admit it,but for a love fairy her bladder wasn't very strong. And while she enjoyed the feeling of being desperate,she didn't want to wet herself now.

"I just got done changing these after meeting that Candace girl. i don't want to ruin another pair." She said to herself. Ah...Candace,A dancer at the strip club that was an eleven..no a twelve out of then. A girl so hot that you wouldn't mind.....

A twinge in her bladder quickly pulled her out of her thoughts.

"Oh great. Looks like ash is finally done. and it only took my entire life." Lillian said.

"Oh! Oh! I call next dibs! I've been holding it in for a while now!" Kyu said. The love fairy then flew off in the same direction Ashley went to. Ashley approached her partner.

"I'm back! I hope she wasn't too much of a hassle for ya." Ashley said.

"Can we go now? i'm hungry..." Lillian said.

"in a minute,they haven't returned everyone's luggage yet." Ashley said.

"Ugh..someone please kill me." Lillian said as she walked away and sat down. Ashley just rolled her eyes and went up to her partner.

"Hey sweet cheeks,let me ask you something." Ashley asked with a sly grin.

Meanwhile,Kyu flew past all the unsuspecting humans and entered the girls bathroom. She hovered over the stall door and landed in front of the the toilet. She quickly yanked down her panties and sat down. The very second she sat down,Her bladder released a powerful stream.

"Ahhhhhhhh......Fuck,that's good..." Kyu said to herself. She said it pretty loud too. if it weren't for the fact she made herself invisible to humans,everyone in that bathroom could've heard her. She let out another sigh as she relaxed. Her eyes slowly closed and her mouth hung wide open. She opened her eyes again and looked at her stream. There was just something about peeing that aroused her. Maybe it's the view,maybe it's the feeling of relief. She almost felt like cranking one out right there and then,but she had a client to take care of. She still found it a shame that she was no longer allowed to partake in her clients "deeds".

She looked at her stream again and she could slowly feel it getting weaker. eventually it completely stopped. She grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself with it. She pulled up her panties and flushed the toilet. She hovered above the stall door again and saw a lady approaching the stall she was just in. The lady opened the door and saw the toilet flushing for a second before completely stopping. She looked around in confusion.

"What...the....fuck?" She said as she entered the stall and closed the door behind her. Kyu giggled and once she was sure there was none to watch her,she washed her hands and left ladies room.

