A flare of desperation (Bryony (Pokemon))

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2022-01-09 18:54

Story once again requested by @VaporFrog.

$$

"Now then,Liepard. Use scratch!" Bryony said. Her Pokémon scratched the other Pokémon.

Causing it to collapse on the floor.

"Houndoom! Return!" Mable said as she held her Pokeball forward and called back her Pokémon.

"You win this round..." Mable said,ready to leave.

"Let's have another round." Bryony said.

"I'll have to pass." Mable said. She stepped away,but Bryony continued.

"It is rather important to train. To increase our odds of success."

"I'm very much aware of it." Mable said as she walked away.

"Are you really going to pass up a chance to get stronger?" Bryony said.

"I have some more important stuff to take care of." Mable said. Hurrying out of the room. Confused,Bryony slowly followed her. At first Mable was walking slowly,but then she began quickening her pace.

"Why is she in such a hurry?" Bryony asked. Until she got her answer a few seconds later. Mable had entered the restroom.

Bryony shook her head and slowly approached the restroom door. A few minutes later,Mable came out and let out a sigh. And right behind her,the sound of the flushing toilet could be heard. Mable froze place,completely caught of guard by her fellow scientists staring at her.

"Giving up because you had to go to the restroom? My my..." Bryony said. Mable cleared her throat and looked at her colleague with a straight face.

"That was not the reason i stopped the match. I just wanted to save energy. It just so happens that i needed to relieve myself.

"Oh? Then try not to make that a habit. We can't have you forfeiting matches in order to save energy. Or to use the restroom." Bryony replied.

"Be quiet." Mable said. She turned away from Bryony and walked away from her. Bryony chuckled to herself and walked away from the bathroom door. She had more important things to do. She entered one of the rooms in the HQ and headed towards a bag.

"How is the energy gathering going?" She asked as she reached into the bag and grabbed a water bottle.

"Not great. Turns out some of our allies ran into trouble while doing their jobs." One of the admins said. Bryony chugged down from her water bottle and then neatly put it back in her bag.

"Ahh...how refreshing. So what happened?" Bryony asked as she turned to the admin.

"It seems a young kid was able to get inside the power plant and has been fighting against our grunts." The admin replied.

"How humiliating." Bryony said.

"Agreed. We are gonna be in deep water if a few kids are able to put a stop to our plans." The admin said.

"Well then, i just finished my training for the day. i'll get back to work now." Bryony said. She grabbed the bag and left the room. Soon enough,she had arrived in her working quarters where she began doing research on their next objective.

###

The hour that followed remained pretty uneventful. Bryony had spent most of the hour making a map for their next objective and examining some pictures the grunts had brought back. They had originally intended to steal the fossils,But that plan also fell through thanks to a bunch of trainers. It baffled her just how much of a hard time these kids were giving the team. She grabbed her bottle and put it up to her mouth,only to realise that the bottle was empty.

"I will have to refill that later." She said to herself as she adjusted her glasses and continued with her research. She had finished the map,now all she had to do was print it and hand it over to the grunts. Upon getting up from her seat,her body sent her a minor distress signal. The water she had drank had begun making its way through her bladder while she was working,leading to her now feeling some discomfort in her abdomen.

But her job was always her top priority. So she ignored it and grabbed the map once it was done printing. She made her way through the hallway and passed by the bathroom. But she continued walking without even glancing at the door. After dropping the map off,she then returned to her quarters and continued examining the pictures. However,she wasn't able to find anything of importance that the previous pictures hadn't already revealed. Bryony sighed and adjusted her glasses. At that moment,her bladder had sent her another signal. Perhaps it would be for the best if she went to use the bathroom just to get rid of this feeling.

"How is the research going?" A voice said,catching the scientist by surprise. Bryony turned around and saw Mable entering the room.

"Unfortunately,i haven't made much progress. These pictures haven't been revealing a whole lot." Bryony said.

"How unfortunate. If only those kids hadn't interfered." Mable said. The two scientist remained silent and continued looking at the pictures. Minutes later,Mable backed off and scratched her head.

"It seems we're at a dead end for now." Mable said.

"Seems like it." Bryony replied. A sweat drop sliding of her face. With nothing to distract her,her bladder was starting to bother her.

"Excuse me for a second." Bryony said.

"Where are you going?" Mable asked

"i have to visit the restroom." Bryony said. Mable simply stared at her. Her expression was deadpan,but inside her mind she had a mischievous grin.

"Going to the restroom in the middle of an important job?" Mable said. Bryony got up from her seat.

"I'll be quick." Bryony replied.

"You can wait a little longer,can't you? our work is more important." Mable said.

Bryony groaned internally. Was she seriously doing this?

"Like you said,we're currently at a dead end." Bryony replied.

"Lets go check up on the other Pokémon. It is important to make sure there are in perfect condition for when we have to capture the Pokémon we're after." Mable said with a slight grin. Bryony looked down. With a defeated look that was obscured by her glasses,she nodded her head and followed her fellow scientist.

Eventually,they arrived at the room containing all the Pokémon they had captured. Mable and Bryony grabbed a few Poké balls and began checking up on the Pokémon inside them. Mable looked around and then back at her partner.

"We're running low on Poké Balls." She said.

"I'm very much aware of that. I've set my sights on a Poké Ball factory not too far away from here. Some grunts should be sent there shortly." Bryony said as she kept her eyes on the Pokémon. Her lips twitched as she felt another twinge go through her body.

###

More time had passed and the two scientists had finished their check-ups

"Excellent. Looks like every Pokémon is perfectly healthy and full of energy." Mable said.

"That's good news." Bryony said. She was just happy that the check ups was finally over. Her bladder hadn't stopped bugging her since the check ups started and it was getting distracting. Now that it was all over, the two scientists exited the room and Bryony returned to her quarters,with Mable accompanying her.

"Miss Bryony!" A voice said. The two scientists turned around and saw an admin approaching them.

"A few of our members have taken a few more pictures. Can you take a look at them?" The admin said as she handed over the pictures.

"Of course." Bryony said while adjusting her glasses. The began examining the pictures all while trying to once again ignore her bladder pressuring her. Mable was still standing there and there was no doubt in Bryony's mind that she would get teased if she tried going now.

###-###-###-###

Bryony lowered her head and then looked back at the monitor. Once again,she had found nothing that would point them in the right track. She did see a Pokémon in one of the pictures,but it turned out to be just an Abomasnow. A powerful Pokémon,but not one that they needed.

She once again felt a twinge. This one a lot stronger than the last. She looked around and noticed that Mable had left. She now had an opportunity to head to the ladies room without being bothered. She got up,gritting her teeth at another wave of pressure. She subconsciously rubbed her thighs together,but then stood upright. Afterwards she began making her way to the restroom. She approached the door and thankfully,Mable was nowhere to be seen. She reached for the door handle and twisted it,only for the door to remain shut. Though obscured by her glasses,her eyes had widened. She glanced at the handle and saw a red line under it.

"Occupied!" An Admin yelled from inside the bathroom.

"How long will you be in there?" Bryony asked.

"I'm afraid i cannot answer that." The admin replied after a few seconds of silence. Bryony nearly facepalmed, but remained calm and returned back to her quarters. She sat down and crossed her legs. She took a deep breath and went back to looking at the pictures. Unfortunately,the pictures weren't enough to distract her and she found herself crossing her legs in an attempt to ease the pressure.

A few minutes later,she was just about to return there to see if the admin was done. But at that moment,Mable returned once again.

"How is the examination going?" She asked as she approached.

"Nothing except an Abomasnow." Bryony replied. Mable glanced down and noticed her sitting with her legs crossed.

"Are we sitting comfortably?" Mable asked. Bryony quickly uncrossed her legs and stayed silent. Mable smiled and the two continued looking at the pictures. More time had passed and the scientists had once again made no progress.

"My,how many useless pictures have they already taken?" Mable asked.

"Too many to count." Bryony said with a hint of frustration in her voice.

"Is everything alright?" Mable asked with a slight smile.

"Affirmative." Bryony replied. But Mable knew she was anything but fine. Bryony was trying her hardest not to cross her legs or put her hands between them. With someone there to watch? She'd never live it down.

"We're back!" An admin said,with a few grunts following her. They then placed a bag on the table. Bryony got up,but gritted her teeth.

"Is everything already,Miss Bryony?" The admin asked.

"I'm fine. I just needed to stretch." Bryony said. She approached the table and looked through the bag.

"This is...not a lot." Bryony said as she starred at the admin.

"These were all the Poké Balls we were able to retrieve..." One of the grunts said.

"Hmm. Not very satisfactory." Brony said.

"Agreed. Those kids proved to be surprisingly though." The admin said. Bryony adjusted her glasses and shook her head.

"Very well. I shall store these." Bryony said. She went to grab a cart and began placing the Poké Balls inside.

"Return to your original tasks until further notice." Bryony said.

"Make sure you're in perfect shape. We don't want you all to look as stiff as Miss Bryony does right now." Mable said whole pointing at Bryony. Bryony quickly adjusted her stance and starred at the grunts. The grunts simply scratched their heads and returned to their posts. Bryony glared at Mable while Mable simply stared at her with a grin. Bryony began pushing the cart forward.

A sweat drop rolled down her face. With almost every step,she felt her bladder aching. She pushed the cart faster,hoping to get the job over with as fast as possible so that she could hopefully relieve herself soon. She approached the storage room and was just about to open it. However,she quickly crossed her legs and stood still for a few seconds. She then stood upright when she saw a few grunts approaching. Bryony turned away from them and hastily opened the door.

"Hmmm? Oh,Bryony." A scientist inside the storage room said.

"I have a few Poké Balls i need to drop off." The scientist. Bryony complied and left the cart there and then exited the room. Once the door closed,she crossed her legs once again and looked around. She knew there was another bathroom around here. She speedwalked in the direction of the bathroom. but just when the toilet door had entered her line of sight, She saw an admin hastily entering it and locking the door. Bryony let out an exhausted sigh and returned to her quarters.

###

"My My,is everything alright?" Mable said with a smirk.

"I'm fine." Bryony said. Sounding mildly irritated.

"You're moving a lot." Mable said as she watched Bryony shaking her legs in her seat.

"I just have a lot of energy." Bryony said.

"Yeah,i'm sure." Mable said. Bryony simply shrugged and continued monitoring the grunt's progress. However,her focus was constantly being overpowered by her need to use the restroom. No matter how hard she tried,she was unable to stand still now and the pressure had gotten unbearable.

"Here you go Miss Mable." A grunt said as he handed Mable a flask filled with water.

"Thank you. Would you like some,Bryony?" Mable asked as she held the bottle near her face. Bryony remained quiet and focused on the monitor.

"Suit yourself." Mable said as she drank from the flask. However instead of putting the flask up to her mouth,she held the flask and poured the water into her mouth. Bryony nearly let out a groan. Mable continued to pour water into her mouth and Bryony was unfortunately unable to ignore it.

"Ahh..." Bryony gritted her teeth and placed one of her hands between her legs.

"Oh my. Not very professional of you." Mable said with a smile.

"I just..uhh...pulled a muscle." Bryony said with a sweat drop.

"In THAT spot?" Mable said.

"Miss Bryony. Are you okay?" The grunt asked.

"I'm fine. I'm just-" Bryony gritted her teeth as she felt another wave of pressure go through her body. She got up from her seat and began walking away.

"Excuse me for a second." She said while exiting the room. Leaving Mable with a smile and the grunt completely confused. Once she was out of sight,she quickly ran to the bathroom. She looked at the bathroom door and to her delight,the line was now white. meaning there was nobody inside. She opened the door and quickly locked it.

"Ah,I'm about to leak!" Bryony panicked as she completely dropped her stoic behaviour and hastily unbuckled her belt. She then pulled down her pants and panties in one swift motion and collapsed on the toilet. Her bladder sent out one final wave of pressure. but that pressure was quickly replaced by relief.

A torrent of pee jetted out from between her legs and landed in the toilet bowl,making a loud hissing noise. Bryony tried to keep her a straight face,but ultimately gave into the feeling of relief and relaxed.

"Ahhhhh....." She let out as she lowered her head and closed her eyes. It felt so good to finally let go of all that annoying pressure. She was SO looking forward to this. But what she wasn't looking forward to was the words that would come out of Mables mouth. Bryony let out a sigh and reached for some toilet paper. Soon her stream came to an end and only a few drops of pee landed in the toilet. She used the toilet paper to wipe herself clean and then pulled up her pants and panties and tightened her belt.

"At least i didn't leak." She said as she flushed the toilet and washed her hands. She then exited the toilet and sure enough,Mable was standing in front of the door with her arms crossed.

"Interrupting such an important task because you had to go to the restroom? My my..." Mable said. Bryony rolled her eyes.

"Yeah,ok. I get it. I won't ever commentate on this ever again." She said as she walked away from the door. Mable giggled and followed her.

"Don't worry. It's probably for the best that you went. Wetting yourself would've been even more unprofessional." Mable said with a very mischievous grin.

"Try not to make holding it for that long a habit okay?"

"Please stop." Bryony said as she placed a hand on her glasses. A slight blush being visible right underneath them.

