Indian Girl at a Convention in Bangalore

Author: OmoinIndia

*000*2024-07-28 12:01

In the bustling city of Bangalore, an ambitious young Indian girl named Meera found herself attending a prestigious business convention. As a confident and driven individual, she always made sure to dress professionally to make a lasting impression. On this particular day, she had chosen to wear a short black skirt paired with a white shirt. Underneath she had on a pair of bright turquoise bra and panty.

She had reached a point where she no longer cared if her bra was visible through her shirt, embracing her bold and vibrant style choices. Little did she know, the day held another unexpected twist for her.

As Meera entered the convention hall, she was greeted with the disappointing news that the restrooms were temporarily closed for maintenance. Panic began to set in as she realized she was already feeling the urgent need to relieve herself. Determined to find a solution, Meera racked her brain for alternatives. A lightbulb moment struck her. She reasoned that her black skirt would likely not show any wetness, offering her a discreet option. With a mischievous grin, she devised a plan to squat in various locations of the convention hall, pretending to engage in activities or inspecting objects, all the while releasing small spurts to ease her desperate bladder.

She believed that the carpet below would dry quickly, leaving no evidence of her unconventional solution. Meera strategically chose different locations to carry out her discreet acts. In one instance, she found an empty conference room and knelt down as if adjusting some cables, allowing a small spurt to escape onto the carpet. In another, she pretended to examine a display near a potted plant, releasing a controlled stream that trickled onto the floor.

Each time Meera let go, she carefully observed the impact on her outfit. The black skirt, as expected, concealed any visible wetness, leaving her feeling somewhat relieved. She managed to discreetly empty her bladder, finding temporary relief amidst the chaos of the convention.

However, Meera's confidence in her method was put to the test when a woman approached her, seemingly interested in striking up a conversation. Caught off guard, Meera attempted to maintain her composure, but the spurts continued uncontrollably. The woman quickly realized what Meera was up to.

After talking to meera she decided to keep it a secret and understood the desperate situation Meera found herself in, as she was in the same boat. The woman decided to do the same thing meera was doing. But before Meera could stop her she let go a spurt which turned into a steady 5 second leak as the woman was unable to stop the flow. As soon as she stopped the flow, she realised she was wearing white trousers unlike meera and they became transparent and her bright pink panties were peeking through the fabric for everyone to see.

It was too late for her to salvage the situation, and a mixture of embarrassment and amusement washed over the woman's face. Meera couldn't help but chuckle at the irony of the situation. Despite the mishap, she felt a sense of camaraderie with the woman, knowing that they shared a secret bond of unconventional solutions to urgent bodily needs. The incident served as a reminder that sometimes, even the most well-thought-out plans could backfire.

As the day came to an end, Meera reflected on the hilarious events that had unfolded. She acknowledged that life was full of unexpected twists and turns, and sometimes, unconventional measures were necessary. With a newfound sense of resilience and an ability to find humor in the most embarrassing moments, Meera embraced the uniqueness of her journey and eagerly looked forward to the adventures that lay ahead.

Stay tuned for chapter 2 to find out what unfolded the next day.

Yours Truly,

Omo fan from India

(Would Love to connect with other Indians here)

*003*2024-07-29 15:21

{{21 hours ago, Pain said:

Your writing is great dude! Welcome on board!

}}

Thanks a lot! Will try and post the part 2 tomorrow!

*004*2024-07-29 15:22

{{2 hours ago, I_am_ said:

Great writing tho after a long time.. why not to join our community filled with indians if interested..I would encourage you to write more longer stories its a request!!

}}

Thankyou! Would love to join the community! Please send the link over DM. I'll try to make the next parts longer!

