No Bathrooms on This Flight: a Valkyrie Desperation Story

Author: Octahedron

*000*2021-05-26 11:28

I wrote this entire thing in an insomniac hour at 3am, so I hope it’s not too awful. This is my first fic, so feedback is appreciated!

###

Kairi Imahara had a drinking problem.

Her love for alcohol was well known among the other legends. But it wasn’t so much the drink that was the problem - moreso what came after. Valkyrie’s bladder was painfully small. A couple cups of water could send her to the little pilot’s room within fifteen minutes, and don’t even get me started on what beer did to her.

Of course, none of that was going to stop her from drinking a few cold ones with Fuse before a match. Gotta make a good first impression and all that jazz. So what if she felt a little squirmy during the game? It was nothing she couldn’t handle.

As the dropship exited hyperspace a few minutes from Olympus, Valkyrie tossed her third beer bottle in the trash.

“Match’s starting soon, Fitzroy. Better get cleaned up.”

Walter “Fuse” Fitzroy gave her a grin. “Only 3? Our Valkyrie’s a lightweight!”

She gave him a playful slug on the arm. (Ouch. Note to self: don’t punch people with metal limbs.) “Don’t call it quite yet. Rematch after the fight.”

Fuse winked at her as he strapped on his jump jets. “I’ll believe it when I see it, mate.”

She rolled her eyes playfully as she disappeared into her cubby to don her skin-tight flight suit. I’ll show him. Tucking her signature aviator shades safely away, she shrugged her jetpack onto her back and tightened the straps. Fuel? Check. Rockets? Check. Seatbelts?

Nowhere in sight.

Her lower belly gave a slight twinge as she looked up to the big screens to see her squad assignment. A flash of worry crossed her mind - she hadn’t expected the beer to go through her quite that fast - but it disappeared as fast as it came, and she pushed it to the back of her mind. She took her jumpmaster position on the drop platform next to her two squad mates for the match: Pathfinder and... Loba.

God damn it.

The last thing she needed this match was another distraction. It was a poorly kept secret that Valk had a raging crush on the lady thief, and Loba pretended not to notice for the sake of politeness. But Valk couldn’t help tripping over her words (and feet) whenever Loba was around. But as the dropship doors opened and the wind blasted over her, most of her worries disappeared as she lead her teammates out the jump hatch.

“I LOVE THIS PART! WOOHOO!”

Skydiving was Valkyrie’s favourite part of the Apex Games. The thrill of free falling never got old for her - something she and Octane had many a talk about. The feeling of wind on her face and in her hair was enough to let her forget the daily worries of being a legend - and the more personal worries of the three pints of beer accumulating in her bladder.

The trio touched down at Rift, near the end of the dropship’s path. As far as they could tell, nobody else had landed with them. For Valk, that was a double edged sword. On one hand, no competition meant lots of loot and a fairly easy early game. On the other hand, no fights meant nothing to distract her from the growing discomfort in her lower belly. As the first ring began to close and the trio began to mobilize, Valk began to seriously worry. She was used to needing to pee, but never this early in a match. Slowing slightly, she dropped a few paces behind the rest of the squad to think about her predicament.

She reckoned she was at about a 6/10, and with first ring just beginning to close, that could mean up to 20-30 more minutes of game time - more than enough time for her bladder to fill to worrying levels. Silently she berated herself for trying to impress Fuse before the match. Kai, you idiot. You know this kind of thing tends to happen. What were you thinking? She shook her head and upped the pace to catch up with the rest of the squad. She would rather die than pee herself in a live match. Nothing much to do about it now except wait and hope.

ROUND 3. BEGINNING RING COUNTDOWN.

Five minutes later, Valkyrie‘s predicament had not improved whatsoever. The need to pee was a constant worry now, pressing to the forefront of her mind with insistent waves every few seconds. Holding her crotch helped somewhat, but she had to be careful not to be seen doing so while her teammates were looking. That would be an awkward conversation. She and her squad were now in Gardens, using Loba’s staff to flesh out their loadouts. Having already finished her shopping, Valk was perched on top of a nearby loot bin, waiting for her two teammates. Gardens was a beautiful area, and one that she herself could see herself living in - if it wasn’t for the constant sound of running water. The multiple fountains and water features certainly made for a nice atmosphere, but they certainly didn’t help when you’re a bloodsport contestant wearing a tight flight suit. Kicking her legs, Valk tried to find anything else to focus on besides the sound of running water.

Although she was successful in finding a distraction, it wasn’t one that she liked much better. She found herself admiring Loba’s curves, and the way she moved while she browsed the selection of loot available. The way her hips twisted and how her ass was pronounced when she-

No. Bad. Bad Kai. No horny.

She blinked a few times to clear the thoughts from her head and found Loba looking intently at her. The lady thief cocked her head - God that’s ho- no it isn’t, shut up - and gave her a small pout.

“Kairi, honey, is everything alright?”

Valk sat bolt upright and removed both hands from between her thighs, despite her bladder’s insistent protests.

“Y- yeah, yeah, we’re cool. Everything’s fine. Aces.” She gave a weak smile and thumbs-up.

Loba looked at her skeptically before turning to Pathfinder. “Pathy, dear, would you kindly find the next Ring location for us?”

The robot gave her an inquisitive look, but nonetheless voiced his agreement and left to locate the nearest survey beacon. Loba turned her attention back to her struggling squadmate and laid a hand on her shoulder.

Valk nearly wet herself then and there out of surprise.

Loba pretended not to notice. “Kairi, be honest with me. Is everything ok?”

Valk had full intentions to continue denying her desperation, but something in Loba’s voice made her melt a little inside. “I- I have to-“ - she took a deep breath - “I have to pee so fucking bad because I took a bet with Fuse before the match and-“

Loba cut her off with a finger to the lips. “Let me let you in on a little girls’ secret around here.” She turned and gestured to the shrubbery around her. “All of this? I guarantee you one of us ladies has relieved ourselves here at least once,” she said, with a shrug. “Have you seen the lineups at the toilets before the game? You’d be lucky to get 5 seconds to go before the next person starts banging on the door.”

She gave Valk’s abdomen a playful shove, prompting a squeak of alarm from the shorter girl. “If you need to go, feel free. I promise I won’t watch.”

Valk’s face flushed beet red. “I- you-“ Any protest died in her throat as a wave of desperation hit her, causing her entire lower body to tense up. “Yeah, fine. Okay. Just go follow Pathfinder, ok?”

Loba watched Valk shuffle in place for a few more seconds before collapsing her staff and giving a curt nod. “I’ll see you soon then?” Before Valk could answer the thief had left the room and closed the door behind her.

Valk hopped off of the supply bin where she had been perched with her hands firmly planted between her legs. Shuffling over to a corner of shrubbery she popped a squat and almost relaxed before realizing.

HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GET THIS THING OFF?

Blood sport uniforms, as a general rule, don’t come with crotch zippers. Of course, for the other female legends this wouldn’t prove a problem, as their uniforms included pants and a shirt which could be separated at ease. Valkyrie, on the other hand, did not have such luxuries. Her one-piece flight suit could only be removed to allow her relief if she removed her jetpack, which was a multi-minute and full-focus ordeal. Not only that, it left her without her only source of mobility. If another squad were to catch her without it, she’d be dead meat.

This realization came too late. A spurt of urine escaped her throbbing hole, completely soaking her boxers and just barely dampening the inside of her suit. It took a Herculean effort to stop her from flooding at that moment. Panting, she stood up, thighs firmly glued together. Dread filled her mind as she considered her situation. With no way to pee, she’d have to somehow survive the remaining ten minutes of the match without creating a lake in her suit.

Loba’s buttery smooth voice cut through her thoughts over her comms unit. “Kairi, darling, are you coming? We’re all waiting for you.”

Valk had to suppress a completely inappropriate laugh. She forced her voice into her normal snarky tone. “Yeah, yeah, just go on ahead. I’ll catch up.”

The click of the comms unit indicated that Loba and Pathfinder had indeed done just that. Valk slowly pried her legs apart, wedging both hands firmly back between them. She bounced a few times on the balls of her feet before slowly standing up straight. She had never in her life been this desperate for relief before. She would give an arm and a leg for a pair of scissors to cut open the crotch on her suit and release her absolute ocean of piss inside of her. But no such opportunity was available. With a groan that bordered on tears, she extracted her hands from her crotch and walked outside, relying only on her muscles and her willpower to restrain her water balloon of a bladder. Toggling her jetpack on, she flipped her jets to high power. “Valkyrie on station, ready for burn, how copy?” Her refrain was shaky as her jets powered up. As soon as they were ready she hit the throttle.

The g-forces hit her like a truck. Another longer jet forced its way through her clamped lips, wetting the inside of her suit. Luckily the suit’s hydro-repellant exterior prevented any obvious stains from showing up, but the pee soaked into the fabric lining and made her thighs warm. She moaned, unable to completely stop the flow. A thin trickle of droplets continued to escape despite her best efforts. Gritting her teeth, she focused all of her energy on her bladder muscles, pulling them shut like a vice. I am Kairi Imahara. I am Valkyrie. I am the ghost of Viper. And I will NOT fucking PISS MYSELF like a CHILD. Her body, somehow, complied, cutting off the flow. Her faculties restored, she focused on landing with her squad.

It wasn’t her smoothest landing ever, to say the least. Her jump jets laboured to keep her steady as she shifted her weight from left to right, landing directly behind her teammates. Both of them were peering through long ranged scopes, clearly watching something in the distance. Valkyrie took up position on the flank, watching for incoming third parties that might see them as easy pickings. She shifted her weight from left to right, hopped up and down, rubbed her thighs together, and even resorted to holding her weapon one-handed so she could hold herself, but she was only delaying the inevitable. Her muscles began to falter after a torturous ten minutes of holding. Her pee began to leak out, running down her legs and into her boots. Completely distracted and still trying to prevent the obvious outcome, she dropped her rifle and clutched her hole, but to little avail. Her urine came in fits and spurts, each jet longer than the last.

In her distracted state, it was easy to sneak up on her. Anita “Bangalore” Williams was ready to do just that. Luckily for Valk, Bangalore’s aim was steady. The leaking girl was downed in two quick shots, and, unable to muster the effort to raise her knockdown shield, eliminated.

They say waking up in the respawn chamber is like being dumped naked into a freezing water bath. Valk woke with a start and it took her almost a second to realize she was actively vacating her bladder. Her muscles, despite a heroic effort, could give no more. The floodgates had opened. The water repellant coating on her suit could do nothing against the Niagara Falls emerging from between her legs. Her small and tight hole was the only thing preventing her from literally flooding the small respawn room.

She stood there defeated for almost three minutes, her bottom half utterly soaked as pee continued to drain from her body. When her stream finally abated, the floor was damp in an area almost a meter and a half across. She didn’t even bother to inspect the damage - her suit would need multiple washings at best, and a full replacement at worst. She found herself tearing up; not only from despair, but from the sheer euphoria of having an empty bladder again. She slid slowly down to the floor, her wet suit making a squelch against the wet floor.

“Fuck me.”

*003*2021-05-28 06:01

{{9 hours ago, Redboi said:

Me in a nutshell when I see Loba. Great story! I’d love to see more!

}}

{{9 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Really enjoyed this and would love to read more!

}}

Thank you! This means a lot to me

I plan to write a follow up if the inspiration strikes me, so please let me know if you have any ideas lol

