Omovember Day 12: Desperate during a Photoshoot

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-14 19:45

$$

"Alright,Miss Ida. Are you ready to continue?"

"Yeah! Of course!" Marina said. Wearing the more casual clothing she wore during the Hare VS Tortoise springfest. But instead of her usual kicks,she was wearing some Toni Kensa branded shoes. The Toni Kensa company had called Off the Hook for a collaboration,which the duo was more than happy to accept. The esteemed duo of idols were going to do a photoshoot with various of the Kensa products. Pearl was doing her shoot somewhere else,So marina was alone with all the camera Squid.

"Alright,Miss Ida! If you could stand in front of that slide..." The camera Squid said. Marina did as she was told and posed in front of the slide. The photographer took a picture and gave her a thumbs up.

"Perfect. Now if you could uncross your legs and place your hand on your hips...."

"Sure." Marina said,hesitant at first. She complied and the picture was taken. After which,she crossed her legs yet again and had both hands on her sides while bobbing her body up and down.

"Oooh,How many photos are there left? I need to go!" Marina whined internally. The beverages the crew had offered were delicious,but they filled up her "Ink tank" pretty quickly. She was starting to regret drinking all those cups and the lack of bathroom in sight made her feel even more nervous with each passing minute.

"Now if you could just place your left foot over there."

Marina raised her legs,gritting her teeth at the momentary increase of pain her body. She felt like her bladder was just a few seconds away from giving up on her,But she kept that pose and use every bit of her strength to hold back the flood. Once the picture was taken,she immediately lowered her legs and crossed them again.

"Excellent,now please come with me over here..."

Marina followed the photographer until they reached the next spot. While he had his back turned,Marina used her hands to try and ease the pressure. To very little avail.

"Alright,now if you could sit over here." Marina once again complied and sat down with her legs crossed.

"Oh! I actually hadn't considered that one! Good pose,Miss Ida!" The photographer said.

"T-Thanks,Marina said while smiling. The photographer took a picture and Marina got up. Her eyes widened as she felt a spurt escape into her panties.

"Oh! No! No! No! I need to hold it!" Marina thought,crossing her legs even tighter.

"Excellent. Now let's try the next product!" The photographer said as he pulled out another Toni Kensa Shirt and threw it at Marina. Marina panicked for a second but caught the shirt. She quickly hid her free hand behind her shirt and used her hand to squeeze her crotch.

"You can use the bathroom over there to change your clothes." The photographer said.

"Oh thank you..." Marina said incredibly relieved. The photographer gave her a funny look.

"...Umm,thank you for suggesting. I didn't know where i was supposed to go for a second." Marina said as she sheepishly backed away from the photographer. She steadily but stiffly walked over to the bathroom and entered the ladies room. Upon entering,her eyes widened in horror. The bathroom was an absolute mess. There was trash everywhere and a bunch of stains. Some of them looked like they were ink,which confused Marina considering Octoling and Inkling ink was known to disappear after a few minutes.

Wave of pressure went through her body,causing Marina to bend over and cross her legs. She couldn't afford to hold it until they reached a cleaner bathroom and she certainly was not about to go into the boys room. Especially not with the photographer right there to see it all. She took a deep breath and entered the nearest stall. Upon closing the door,She hung the shirt on the door knob. She then hastily grabbed some toilet paper and placed it onto the seat while shaking her hips. She hastily unbuttoned her pants and pulled down her panties. She then bent over and took a few steps back. She relaxed and let out all the pee she had been holding since the photoshoot started.

"Oooooh....cod! That feels so much better!" Marina said with a very relieved look on her face. Her voice slightly echoed inside the empty bathroom. Marina put her hands on her knees to avoid losing her balance. she closed her eyes and lowered her head as she continued to empty her ink tank. She raised her head and looked around.

"Man. I've heard of inking your Splat Zone,but this is a whole level of nasty." Marina said as she stared at the stall she was in. Thankfully,she didn't have to stay in the stall for very long. She felt her stream getting weaker and she reached for some toilet paper. After wiping herself,she tossed it in the toilet bowl and carefully removed the toilet paper on the seat. Once that was done,she flushed and pulled her panties back up. She felt a slight wetness in her panties,causing her to let out a sigh. She was just about to leave the bathroom until she remembered the 2nd reason she came here.

"Oh! Right! The shirt!" Marina said as she grabbed the shirt from the door and changed into it. She then looked into the mirror and smiled. The shirt looked pretty good on her. Before leaving,she did a pose in front of her reflection. Off the Hook's signature pose.

"Don't get cooked! Stay off the hook!"

