Becca's Dilemma (Interactive)

Author: OmoEva

*000*2016-05-09 08:04

This story will take place in a future, where some people have the ability to control people's needs with magic.

Becca was told by her teacher to stay back after school. So here she was sitting in the classroom and waiting upon further instruction. Suddenly the door opened and in walked the teacher, with a plastic bag full of some sort of items.

"Becca how nice to see you, today we are gonna play a little game." The teacher said and then went to the classroom door and locked it with a key. Instantly Becca's heart began to beat slightly fast, why would the teacher lock the door?

What should she do?

A. Ask why the teacher locked the door.

B. Ask what sort of game.

C. Stay quiet.

*005*2016-05-10 07:23

Becca raised her hand and asked the teacher a question. "What sort of game?" she asked innocently.

Miss Banks grinned and set the bag of stuff down. "Why Becca, a game where you hold your pee. For as long as you can." She said with a mischievous smile.

Becca stared at the teacher wide eyed, what kind of game was that? She surely would not play it!

"Each time I snap my fingers, your bladder will fill up. When I clap, a pressure will press down on your bladder. It is up to you on if you can hold it." Miss Banks explained.

Miss Banks opened the bag and poured the stuff out. Revealing a hour glass timer,and a water bottle. "You will be required to drink this 16 oz water bottle, before we start."

Becca was growing irritated, due to the fact that the teacher thought she was gonna play. "I won't play it! You can't make me!" Becca protested.

Miss Banks tsked tsked and then whistled. Becca felt her body begin to move on its own, she got up from her seat and walked toward the teacher. The teacher handed her the water bottle. Whistling again, Miss Banks made Becca down the whole water bottle. Then she sent Becca back to her seat in the front row.

"Let the games begin!" Miss Banks said turning over the hour glass timer and snapped her fingers.

Instantly Becca could feel her bladder filling up. She squirmed feeling the water she drank making its way to her bladder. It felt like a water faucet had been turned on and was filling her bladder up.

What should she do?

A. Remain calm. You can do this.

B. Panic. Making the need to pee worse.

*009*2016-05-11 07:58

Becca remained calm. She can do this. After awhile the feeling of a faucet being turned on stopped. Her bladder felt mighty full and not in a good way.

Bladder Percent: 50%

Miss Banks snapped her fingers again, causing Becca's bladder to fill up more.

Becca gasped as she felt the feeling of a faucet being turned on again. Her bladder filled to a higher percentage and not a good one.

Bladder Percent: 75%

She shifted in her seat, causing her to feel all the liquid sloshing around in her bladder.

What should she do?

A. Beg Miss Banks to stop.

B. Ask Miss Banks why she is doing this.

*011*2016-05-12 05:16

Becca raised her hand and asked "Miss Banks, why are you doing this?"

Miss Banks sighed then proceeded to explain "Well honestly it excites me, but there is something special about you Becca. Something the other girls don't have. Determination maybe? I honestly don't know."

She snapped her fingers.

Bladder Percent: 85%

Becca gasped and plunged her hands between her legs, just as multiple spurts escaped.

Miss Banks clapped her hands. Causing a big pressure to press down on poor Becca's bladder.

Becca tried to hold back the pee threatening to escape but it proved too powerful. She could feel her bladder relax as pee began to spurt out. Further dampening her panties.

What should she do?

A. Try and hold it back.

B. Relax and let out some more.

*015*2016-05-13 05:58

Becca decided to let out a little more. She relaxed and felt a warm small stream begin to fill her panties. Soon that stream became a gush and pee was gushing out full blast. She moaned in relief as she felt her bladder emptying. This was embarrassing but there was no way she could hold back anymore.

Miss Banks grinned "Good job, my pet. You may go now." she went over to the door and unlocked it.

Becca stood up as fast as she could and ran out the door. Freedom at last.

