A Mother's Worry (Vanilla the Rabbit)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2022-10-30 01:14

"What a nice day!" Cream said as she skipped around happily. With her mother, Vanilla the Rabbit and her Chao friend Cheese not too far behind. the two entered the train and sat down. Their current destination? Station Square.

Vanilla looked around and smiled at her daughter. She looked out of the window and relaxed. She always enjoyed peaceful moments like this. When you had a mad scientist constantly attacking your home, you learned to enjoy the moments of peace a lot more. There wasn't much in the train that could distract her. And when there's nothing to distract you, you tend to focus on more important matters.

...Like the mild pressure in her bladder.

The walk from their house to the train was about 10-15 minutes and Vanilla had neglected to make a pit stop before leaving. But then again, was it something she needed to do? The pressure she was feeling right now wasn't bad. She noticed it when she stood still, but she could easily ignore it for now.

"Next stop: Station Square!"

The train had come to a stop and the two rabbits and their Chao had stepped out. The two began walking around until they soon found the super market.

"Alright,Honey! You have the list right?" Vanilla asked.

"Yup! I have it right here!" Cream said with a smile. The two then began wandering around, going down the list and grabbing all the food and items they needed.

###

"In other more urgent news: Many Chao have recently begun to disappear. The Local Chao Garden had recently been ransacked and there have been many reports of witnesses losing their Chao companions over night. If you happen to have a Chao as your friend, Please keep a close eye on them."

"Oh my. Looks like things are back to being chaotic." Vanilla said as took a sip of her soda. Cream was enjoying herself a cup of Soda too and Cheese was munching on a Cheese Burger.

"You think they might come for Cheese or Chocola next?" Cream asked.

"I....Don't worry about it sweetie." Vanilla said as she threw away her now empty cup. The two then began walking back to the train station. Vanilla looked around. The need to pee was getting stronger now and there were no shops that had any toilets in them.

But they were done with their shopping for now, So Vanilla wasn't worried. They just had to head home now and then she'd be free to use the toilet. They arrived at the train station and sat down to wait for the train.

After a few minutes the train arrived and after a few stops, they were back on the same path they used to get to the station. After a bit of long walk, they arrived back at their home.

"Alright, mom! I'm going to visit Mr. Sonic!" Cream said as she handed a bag filled with the groceries they bought.

"Okay honey! Have fun and be careful out there. Be sure to be back before dinner!" Vanilla said. her daughter ran off and waved at her mother, with Cheese flying right behind her.

Vanilla knocked on the door and after a few seconds, The door was opened by Chocola the Chao. Vanilla entered the house and made her way towards the kitchen. She placed down the ingredients and was about to get to work when she felt a strong pang in her bladder.

"My. Those sodas really go through you." She thought as she instinctively crossed her legs. She looked in the hallway of her house and saw the door to the bathroom.

"i'll just take care of it real quick..." Vanilla said as she made her way to the bathroom. But just as she was about to open the door.

*CRASH*

"HUH?! What was that?" Vanilla said turned around and ran towards the door of the house. Her eyes widened when she saw who was standing in front of her door. A giant mech shaped like someone she was all-too familiar with. The diabolical Doctor Eggman.

"Hohohohohohoho! Nice to see you again! I'm sure you remember me? Dr. Eggman?" Eggman said with a wicked smile. Chocola heard the voice and quickly hid under a table.

"W-What do you want with me?"

"Oh,I'm not here for you. I'm just gonna need you to hand over your Chao!" Dr. Eggman said.

Vanilla looked around worried. Cream and Cheese were gonna. But chocola was still there.

"They're not here. They left a while ago." Vanilla said.

"Is that so? I guess we'll have to get them to come back to you then,huh?" Eggman said. He then pointed at her and some flying badniks flew after her. Vanilla tried to run away. As she ran, the pressure of her bladder began to creep back in until she was grabbed by one of the flying badniks.

The badnik flew towards Dr. Eggman and the good doctor smiled.

"Hehehehe...Looks like history repeats itself."

###

A pair of eggpawns escorted vanilla towards an open cell and then pushed her inside. Vanilla stumbled and nearly tripped, but she managed to stop herself and once she had regained her balance, she crossed her legs.

The eggpawns closed the cell and Vanilla was now left on her own. Vanilla let out a sigh. Things were looking very grim. She had failed to protect the Chao and Cream was still away from her. But Vanilla tried to stay optimistic. Cream had shown that despite her young age, she is very much capable of defending herself. And she has sonic by her side. So she should be safe.

With a little bit of hope, Vanilla tried to smile. But that hope was immediately replaced by worry as her bladder once again pressured her. She crossed her legs tighter and began pacing around the cell. There was nothing that could be done now, She just had to stay there and hope that help would come her way soon.

###

"Ohh...." Vanilla moaned. She pacing had stopped and she was now standing in one spot. She was shifting her weight from one foot to the other and her hips were shaking in a pretty wide arc. It felt like hours had passed since she had been placed inside this cage. Though, she couldn't confirm if that WAS the case due to not having a watch. But with no distractions inside this cell and with her bladder now aching even more, it felt like time was moving even slower.

"Please...someone, come save me." Vanilla moaned. Continuing to dance on the spot. With each minute that passed,She felt more and more like she wasn't gonna make it to a proper bathroom. Relieving herself in the cell wasn't an option either. There was no toilet, not even something to pee in like a bucket. She was just stuck in an empty cell with a bladder nearing it's limit. And with her hands tied up,Peeing on the ground wasn't really that could be done without her wetting herself. And yet at this rate, it seemed like she was gonna do that whether she wanted to or not if something didn't come to rescue her.

Eventually,her cell opened. and for a brief moment,she began to feel hope. That hope was quickly replaced with worry when she saw who entered the cage. It wasn't Sonic or Cream. It was two of Eggman's robots. Orbot and Cubot to be more precise.

"*Ahem* Miss Vanilla? We've been instructed by doctor eggman to bring you to him." Orbot said as he floated behind her and began pushing her out of the cage.

"What are you planning to do with me?" Vanilla asked.

"We don't know. The boss simply said "That blasted hedgehog has broken into the base! Bring the captor to me!" Cubot replied.

"I don't think she was supposed to know that." Orbot said with his eyes lids lowered. He sighed and continued pushing vanilla forward. Vanilla gritted her teeth, something that did not go unnoticed by Orbot.

"I understand that those cuffs must be uncomfortable, but unfortunately we're not allowed to remove them until we reach eggman." Orbot said as he and Cubot entered a lift. The silence in the lift was incredibily uncomfortable. With it only being broken by the faint sound of the elevator going upwards. Vanilla kept shifting her legs around while taking deep breaths to try and ease the pressure.

"Man,she is very anxious." Orbot said.

"Wouldn't you be if you had to confront the boss?" Cubot asked.

"Well,he IS pretty scary when mad." Orbot replied. Vanilla for the most part tuned out the conversation until the lift opened. The two robots guided the rabbit out of the elevator until they heard a faint crashing noise in the background.

"Huh? Where is that noise coming from?" Orbot asked. With Vanilla and Orbot looking around just as confused. Suddenly,the roof collapsed and when the dust cleared,both Sonic and Cream were there.

"Mom!" Cream yelled.

"Cream! Sonic!" Vanilla said. Almost instinctively running up to her daughter.

"Gah! How did he get here so quickly?!" Cubot asked.

".......Ummmm....."

"Oh,right. Dumb question." Cubot said. Suddenly,his face was covered by a very angry Chao. Cheese the Chao to be more precise.

"H-Hey! Get this thing off of me!" Cubot said while hovering and stumbling back,all while the small yet feisty Chao continued attacking the robot. Orbot ran up to his partner to help him and Cream used this opportunity to help her mother break free from the cuffs.

"Honey! I'm so glad you're here!" Vanilla said.

"You weren't home when i returned. And i found out from Chocola that you were kidnapped. Me and Mr. Sonic rushed here as soon as possible!" Cream said.

"You two better try to find an exit. I'll go on and take the eggster down." Sonic said with a smirk.

"You can do it,Mr. Sonic!" Cream said. She grabbed her mom's hand and dragged her away. Cheese quickly got off Cubots face and followed his friend.

"Come on,mom! Let's go!"

"W-Wait! Honey! I- Ahh~!" Vanilla moaned as she used her now free hand to hold her bladder. A move that didn't seem to do much seeing as the movement was causing all the urine inside her to slosh around. The two entered the very lift the two robots used to bring Cream and began making their way to the exit.

###

"Come on,mom! We should be very close to the exit." Cream said while still yanking her moms arm forward.

"Sweetie! Please! Ahh...Slow down or i'm gonna-Ahhh!" Vanilla crossed her legs and fell on her knees.

"M-Mom?!" Cream slowed down and let go of her mother. She crouched down to support her and looked at her with worry.

"Did Dr. Eggman hurt you?!" Cream asked.

"N-No sweetie. I uhh...I just-" Vanilla stuttered. She wanted to reveal right there and then that she had to go, while leaving out the fact that she leaked a little just now. But that attempt was quickly interrupted by a loud explosion.

Cream ran up and raised her hands in a protective manner while her mom looked at her with worry. The explosion cleared and Metal Sonic was standing there, glaring at the two rabbits and their Chao companion.

Vanilla got up, while Cream turned around and supported her. In a flash,Metal Sonic disappeared from view. Cream looked around in confusion and then quickly picked up her mother and jump.

"EEEP!"

Metal Sonic flew right below the pair while their were jumping. Cream landed and let go of her mom. Vanilla bent over and crossed her legs tightly. The sudden move that Cream did caught her off guard and she was using every ounce of her strength to keep herself from having an accident at that very moment.

Cream ran up to Metal Sonic and sent Cheese forward. The little Chao clung to Metal Sonic's face and the robotic copy hastily tried to shake him off. Cream used this opportunity to attack. Taking a page from Sonic, she spun around until the could perform a spin dash.

Meanwhile, Vanilla was standing there and watching. So many feelings were going through her mind right now. Pride that her daughter was able to fight back like this, fear that her daughter might get hurt.

"Ahhh!"

Or the worry that she might wet herself at this very moment. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other and looked around. Desperate to find anything that would make this fight end faster.

She jumped in surprise when Cheese slammed into the ground right in front of her. Seemingly having been thrown away by Metal Sonic. Vanilla picked him up and held him with one arm while the other was still between her legs. Her worries only increased when Cream was eventually grabbed by Metal Sonic.

"NOOOOO!"

Metal Sonic held her by the neck and opened his palms, seemingly about to strike her with his very sharp fingers.

Vanilla looked around and without thinking, ran towards the robot. Completely ignoring her bladders protest against her movements. She warped her arms around the Metallic Sonic.

And it seemed to work for a bit. Metal Sonic stopped dead in his tracks and looked at her in confusion before beginning to violently shake his body. Vanilla lost her grip and landed on her rear. She impact of the landing bringing the pressure back full force. She hastily crossed her legs and jammed her hand between them. Her eyes were sealed shut. But she opened them in time just to see Metal Sonic looming over her, about to strike.

Vanilla closed her eyes once more and braced herself for the attack. But once more, Cheese came to the rescue and clung to the robots face again. Metal Sonic lost his grip on Cream. She quickly ran up to her mother and picked her up bridal style.

"C'mon mom! We need to leave now!" Cream said as she ran away with her mother in tow. Cheese flew away from Metal Sonic and caught up to them soon. Cream continued to run while her mother was moaning in pain.

"Mom! Did he hurt you?!"

"No sweetie! Mom has to go the bathroom!" Vanilla moaned. Cream had a surprised look on her face, but the looked quickly changed to that of determination as she began picking up the pace. Cream may have not been Sonic fast, but she was still very much capable of running at incredible speeds.

Unfortunately, so was Metal Sonic. And it wasn't long before they heard the sound of his jet thrusters pushing forward. Cream looked behind her to see the robot tailing her. She ran as fast as she could but Metal Sonic was quickly closing the gap between the two until....

*Crash*

A golden glow burst through the wall and sent Metal Sonic flying across the hall. That golden glow turned out to be Super Sonic. He turned around and grabbed the two rabbits.

"Hold on tightly!" Sonic said as he began flying at the speed of his namesake. Vanilla was using on hand to hold on to him. Her free hand was still trying to stop the flood that was dangerously close to bursting out. She felt another spurt escape her, causing her to grit her teeth and blush.

"No! No! No! Not while he's holding me!" She thought.

"Vanilla?"

"Ahh! No! It's coming out! it's-"

"Mommy?"

"Huh?" Vanilla opened her eyes and looked around. They were standing at a cliffside near the ocean.

"Wait. What just-"

Sonic's body started glowing brighter until the emeralds flew out of his body and her was back to his regular form. A bunch of Flickies appeared behind and started chirping happily.

The sound was interrupted by a loud explosion. The group turned around and saw Eggman's Lab explode in the distance.

"We did it,Mr. Sonic! We saved the animals and mom once more!" Cream cheered. She turned to her mom and hugged.

"I'm so glad you're safe mom."

"Hehe...I'm happy to see you're safe to sweetheart." Vanilla said with a smile. "I'm so proud of y-aaaaaah!" She crossed her legs and bent down.

"Huh? Is everything alright, miss?" Sonic asked, slowly moving closer towards her and looking at her with concern.

"P-Please excuse me!" Vanilla said as she ran off at a speed that seemed to be close to what Cream was able to achieve.

"Wait, where is she-" Sonic was about to follow her until Cream stopped him.

"Umm...M-Mr. Sonic?" Cream said with a nervous expression.

Meanwhile, Vanilla looked around while huffing and puffing. Sweat was rolling down her forehead as she looked for somewhere to hide behind. Unfortunately, there was nothing to hid in besides the grass barely reached below her knees. She looked around and gritted her teeth. She had gotten reasonably far away from Sonic and Cream. And there didn't seem to be anyone around. She knew that in this position she was at risk of someone seeing her, but she was so close to her limit now that she didn't seem to care about that possibility.

She lifted her dress up and draped it in front of her, while sliding down her panties. She crouched down and looked around one more time. Hoping the grass could at the very least cover her now-exposed rear. Her tail seemed to stick out a little, but there was nothing that Vanilla could do about that, because at that very moment.

"Ooooooooooooh~" Vanilla hastily covered her mouth as a strong stream of pee gushed out of her privates and splattered against the grass below. She steadied her breathing and let out another moan. A moan that was somewhat muffled by her hands, but could still heard if one where to stand near her. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes, relishing in the feeling of relief as her bladder expelled all of the pent up urine she had been holding.

Her moment of relaxation was interrupted by the sound of chirping. She turned around to see a Flickie hovering behind her.

"Please don't look! Forgive me. But i couldn't hold it anymore..." Vanilla said as she covered her face with her free hand. Her stream soon came to a stop and vanilla shook her body up and down in order to let any droplets fall. She didn't have anything to wipe with out here. But given the state of her panties, it seemed like it wouldn't have mattered anyway. She stood up, pulled up her panties, tried to ignore how uncomfortable the wet patch was and returned to her daughter and Sonic.

"Umm...Sorry about that. I just..." Vanilla said.

"Had to pee like a racehorse?" Sonic said rather bluntly. Causing Vanilla to blush.

"Cream told me everything. And could see you crouching down in the grass over there." Sonic said. Vanilla covered her face.

"I'm sorry." Vanilla said.

"What are you apologizing for? You really had to go right? When nature calls,you gotta answer right?" Sonic replied.

"R-Right." Vanilla said.

"Besides, i'm sure several of these animals have done their business around here." Sonic said as he looked at the animals he had saved. Some of them just looked away and whistled.

"I suppose so..." Vanilla said. She let out a sigh and hugged her daughter.

"Putting all of that aside. I'm happy to see you two are safe."

"I'm happy to see you safe too, mom." Cream said while hugging her mother back.

"Aww, that sweet." Sonic said with a grin.

"Now then. I still have to prepare dinner. Would you like to help out?" Vanilla asked.

"Sure! Can Mr. Sonic some along?" Cream said.

"Of course. It's the least i can after he saved." Vanilla asked.

"You wouldn't happen to be cooking Chili Dogs tonight, would you?" Sonic asked.

"Well, we can add that on the side." Vanilla said with the smile. With that, the trio began walking back to Creams home. The animals they saved following them happily.

This is a story i've had sitting in the back burner for at least 5 months and only now decided to complete. I already knew how i wanted everything in Eggman's base to play out. What happens before that is where i struggled to come up with ideas for the longest time.

But anyways,i hope you guys enjoyed that.

*003*2022-10-31 21:08

{{21 hours ago, Sonic_X49 said:

Really good. Ever thought about a Amy Rose story?

}}

Did one last year actually.

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="104308" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed5181341357" scrolling="no" style="height:334px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/69195-tinkle-park-amy-rose/?do=embed&comment=1897556&embedComment=1897556&embedDo=findComment#comment-1897556"

{{18 hours ago, Fungus1996 said:

Great Story!how about a Zeena of Sonic Lost World story? If you still taking request

}}

I'll keep this one in mind.

