Do It

Author: OmoScripter

*000*2022-03-19 13:50

Not sure where this came from to be honest. It's darker and more violent than where I normally go, which scares me a little.

I assume that despite appearances, this is a consensual game that has been planned beforehand.

###

She is kneeling across the bed, wearing nothing but a pair of white knickers.

He enters the bedroom, and asks her a question.

“How are we feeling?”

She replies.

“I need to go to the toilet.”

He smiles.

“Are you desperate for a piss?”

She nods.

“Say it”

“I’m desperate for a piss. Please let me piss.”

“Do it. Piss your knickers.”

She lets out a moan as a trickle of piss dribbles down the front of her knickers, before a stream falls between her legs onto the bed, and puddles form around her knees.

He walks up behind her, and smacks her, hard, on the arse.

“You dirty bitch!”

SMACK

“You’ve pissed your knickers!”

SMACK

“You’ve been a bad girl.”

SMACK

“Bad girls need to be punished.“

SMACK

“You like pissing your knickers, don’t you slut?”

SMACK

“I bet your cunt is begging to be touched.”

SMACK

“Do it. Fuck yourself in your pissy knickers”

She adjusts herself so she can get a hand inside her knickers, and begins to finger herself.

He opens his trousers and frees his hard cock.

She begins to pant and moan as her fingers slide in and out of her cunt.

He starts to stroke his cock and speaks again.

“You’re a slut who likes to piss her knickers.”

She moans.

“Say it.”

“I’m a slut who likes to piss her knickers.”

“Go on.”

“I’m a filthy bitch who pisses her knickers. It makes me so horny I can’t help but fuck my cunt.”

“You’re a pissy horny mess, aren’t you?”

She moans.

“You want to cum in your pissy knickers.”

She moans.

“Say it”

“I need to cum in my pissy knickers. Please let me cum”

“Do it. Cum in your knickers”

She screams with pleasure, bucks her hips, and floods her knickers with a different fluid.

He lets out several grunts and his cock twitches, ejaculating onto her back and her soaking wet knickers.

Both are spent for a few moments.

He speaks again.

“Clean yourself up, you dirty bitch”

He leaves the room.

