Three Halloween Tales

Author: omofan5

*000*2023-11-15 21:09

I know it's been a while since Halloween, but I wanted to share these stories I wrote for the holiday! I posted this on my Patreon, and if you like it you can find even more stories just like this there!

Heather and the Haunted House

Heather loved scary things. Which meant the Halloween season was her favorite time of year. She and her friends would always binge watch movies, pick out scary outfits, and generally get in the spirit of the season. But her favorite tradition of all was their annual trip to the haunted house. This year, the theme was Victorian Victims. The haunted house would be decorated to look like an abandoned Victorian Mansion, and all the actors would be its ghostly inhabitants. Heather loved this aesthetic, so she and her friends decided to dress up to match the occasion. 

Heather already had pitch black hair, and a few tattoos of spiders and skulls and things of that nature, as well as being pale. She grabbed her outfit out of her closet, black fishnet stockings with holes in them, along with a lacy black pair of panties. Above this, she wore a poofy, frilly black and white skirt that was layered with the black on top and white on the bottom. And for her top, she wore a black top with frilly sleeves that hugged her midsection, pushing up her breasts in a way that she loved.

She first felt the need to pee after getting dressed. But she had to do her makeup still, and her friends told her they’d be arriving soon. So she decided to just finish applying her black lipstick and eyeliner and hope she could get done before her friends pulled up. Just as she was putting on the finishing touches, her phone began to ring. Cursing her luck, she decided she could just wait until she arrived.

Once they did arrive though, Heather wondered if the place even had a bathroom? She never needed one before, and she couldn’t remember if her friends did either. Upon entering, they were immediately greeted by their tour guide, a man dressed as a Victorian style butler. He theatrically greeted them, and invited them all to follow him into the dining hall.

The entire place was freezing cold, and Heather bounced and shivered wishing she wore something warmer. The cold was making the pressure in her bladder only worse. She figured she had gone hours without peeing now and wondered how much longer she would have to wait. The dining hall was filled with all sorts of oddities. Cobwebs and tattered curtains hung from the walls. On the table there were all sorts of bones, severed limbs, organs, all soaked in fake blood. Usually Heather would appreciate the work put into it all, but right now she was only concerned with keeping her bladder screwed shut.

Suddenly, the dim lights shut off completely, and a voice beckoned them to step through the next door. Heather braced herself as much as she could, she knew what was going to happen next, but she was still afraid of what might happen. Not afraid of what might pop out at her, but of what might leak out of her.

She walked timidly behind her friends as they made their way down the creaky, cold, dark hallway. She had a hand firmly between her legs as a precaution. She knew that this was a dangerous game she was playing but she couldn’t back out at this point. As they neared the end of the hallway, nothing happened. The anticipation was making all her other friends giggle in excitement, but Heather could only grimace with trepidation. Finally they opened the next door, and a loud FOOSH greeted them, as a fake fireplace suddenly turned on and the room filled with heat.

“Is that it?” One of her friends asked. Heather let her guard down. The heat felt great on her freezing body. She took her hand out of her crotch.

“GET OUT OF HERE!!!” Heather turned around and saw a woman in a nightgown, with black eyes and a red gash over her throat and waving a knife running right at her. As her friends turned and fled, laughing to the next room, Heather could only crumple.

It took her a second to realize the warmth on her legs wasn’t just the fake fireplace, it was the piss soaking into her stockings. It exploded out of her, drenching her panties almost immediately as it poured through the lace on the ground below. Heather lost all strength in her legs. Falling to the ground slowly, she sat in her puddle, knees buckled inwards as piss kept flooding out of her.

She shuddered in her warm puddle on the ground, the feeling of relief being replaced by the feeling of shame as her face began to burn red. She heard the actress standing above her sigh.

“Ugh, another one? Exit is to your left sweetie.”

Molly at the Movies

Molly shoved a handful of popcorn in her mouth as she watched the trailers flicker on the screen before her. She and her boyfriend came to the movies to see whatever horror film was out every year on Halloween. This time it was an adaptation to a popular horror novel that Molly had been excited to see ever since it was announced. She sucked down a big gulp of soda, when she felt a pang in her bladder. She wondered if she should get up to use the bathroom now before the movie started? But just as she thought that, the lights began to dim.

“I’ll just hold it, no biggie it’s not that long.” She thought to herself.

As she kept eating more and more popcorn, the salt made her drink even more soda. She figured she should slow down, before she really has to go. But before she knows it, there’s only ice remaining, and she realizes she had just drank an entire large soda.

“It’s fine… I’ll be fine…” Molly thought. But would she really? She was only twenty minutes into the movie at this point and the soda had gone right through her. Nothing scary had happened yet. She wondered if she could run to the bathroom now and be back before anything big happened.

Just as she thought that, the first jump scare appeared on screen. Everyone in the audience gasped, and Molly was caught so off guard, just barely paying attention, that she leaked a little in her panties. She was wearing black leggings, so she was sure nothing was visible yet, but it was a wake up call.

“I can still wait… I mean I just let some pressure off right? Besides, the movies finally getting good.”

She didn’t know what she was thinking. She knew she should get up and go ASAP. But she stayed in her seat. She kept squirming instead of getting up to go pee. And when the next jumpscare came around she was able to get through it without any more leaks in her panties.

“See? I can do it. I can make it!”

She was confident now, cocky. She let her guard down again. But she paid the price for it, another jump scare came sooner than she was expecting. This time a loud hiss escaped out of her as the piss began to run through her leggings and puddle into the leather theater seat. Nobody else heard it, as they were all screaming and then laughing at their reactions. But Molly just burned red. She had both her hands shoved between her legs at this point. With some napkins as well, trying to soak up whatever leaked out with minimal success. She couldn’t tell if her boyfriend knew what was happening as she was too ashamed to look over. She wasn’t even sure if she could get up to go pee at this point without it all leaking out.

Molly was beet red at this point. Hands still between her legs she looked back up at the screen. The protagonist was walking down a dark hallway.

“No no no, please not another jumpscare!” She thought. Her bladder couldn’t take another one at this point. Molly screwed her eyes shut, and focused everything she could on holding back the flood from drenching her already wet panties even more. But even though she couldn’t see the screen, the surround sound still roared in her ears as the monster made its entrance. She was able to hang on through this, with only a few trickles escaping, when suddenly she got an even bigger shock?

“Molly, are you okay?” Her boyfriend tapped her shoulder.

This caused Molly to open her eyes and yelp, hands flying from her crotch. She shot them back down as quickly as possible but it was already too late. The piss burst out of her rapidly. Molly moaned in relief before stifling it embarrassingly. She grabbed more napkins, trying to stuff them between her legs to soak up the flood, but it was useless. The warm wet puddle spread across her ass, soaking into her leggings and pooling on the leather seat beneath her. It was too much to bear, she was burning red as the piss kept flowing and flowing until the stream died down to a trickle. When she was done, she looked over to boyfriend.

“I think we should leave…” She whispered.

Carolyn the Cupid

Carolyn thought it was a funny costume, if not a bit silly. But isn’t that what Halloween is about? Silly funny costumes? It certainly got a few laughs, and a lot of questions.

“What are you dressed as?”

Cupid, that’s why she had the bow and arrow and the sash on.

“Is that a real diaper?”

Yes. It was a real adult diaper she was wearing. She got it from a drug store.

“Are you going to use it?”

Earlier in the night, the answer was no. But after a few too many drinks and no sign of the bathroom line getting shorter, she was rethinking her options.

Of course she didn’t want to use it. That would be gross. Not to mention probably noticeable and uncomfortable for the rest of the night. But the way she saw it she was running out of options. Her friends didn't seem like they were down to leave the party any time soon. And as said before, the bathroom line was so long it stretched almost out of the hallway into the living room.

She had another beer in her hand. She wasn’t sure which number this was, but she was going to finish it before she stood in the line. She looked over at her friend, dressed as a fairy, who was chatting with some guy dressed as a pirate. Carolyn was flirting with some guy earlier that night as well, who was dressed as a Wizard or something. Of course she made jokes about her arrow and he made jokes about being magic or something, but ever since she started to need to pee she’s kept to herself. She wondered where that guy went when suddenly she saw him walk back through the back door. In fact she’s seen a lot of people walking in and out that way.

“Where were you at?” She asked him.

“Oh uh, the backyard.” He answered, blushing under the big fake beard he had on.

“In the backyard doing what?” She needled.

“Well… since there’s only one bathroom and the line’s so long… the guy hosting said we could…”

“Really?” She was intrigued. She wished she had known sooner. Both so she didn’t have to hold in all this piss, and because she might have liked to see the wizard take care of his business. But knowing this was a godsend for her.

She kept talking about random topics with the wizard as she sipped the rest of her beer. Her bladder was bulging, crying out to her for relief, but she knew she would empty it soon enough. As soon as she was done with her drink she threw the fan away and walked over to her fairy friend.

“Hey, do you need to take a piss?” She asked.

“Yeah, but the line’s so long!” Her friend whined. Carolyn noticed that this reaction got the attention of the pirate, but continued.

“Apparently we can just go outside. I need to go too. Wanna come with?”

“Sure! But can’t you just use your diaper?” Her fairy friend teased.

“Oh haha, c'mon you guys let’s go.” She said, clearly inviting the wizard and the pirate as well.

Once outside, she could see that the back of the house, hidden from any of the neighbors yards, was where everyone was going. It was marked with a few noticeable piss stains, and Carolyn was happy she didn’t live here.

Her fairy friend rushed forward. She was able to hike up her green short dress fast, revealing her matching green panties. Before squatting facing the wall, with her fake wings facing the rest of the group. With a sigh, a loud heavy stream rushed forth. Her friend was tiny, but Carolyn was always surprised by how loudly and violently the girl could piss. The sight and the sound only increased Carolyn’s desperation.

But there was one small problem. The diaper. It was a real diaper, that means it was taped up like one. She remembers laying down to put it on and taping the sides, and now she regretted being so realistic about it as she pondered how to get it off and back on again without revealing herself too much, or losing the only thing she had on her lower body.

Soon the pirate stepped up to the wall. Standing next to the fairy, he unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. The fairy looked up and giggled at the sight.

“No way dude! Let’s go!” She laughed. And he released his own loud hissing stream against the wall of the house.

This was too much for Carolyn, her knees began to buckle at the relief those two were getting while she stood there, unable to escape the white fluffy prison wrapped around her crotch. Soon she felt a hand on the small of her back.

“It’s okay… I won’t… judge you or anything.”

She turned around, the wizard had pulled his beard down beneath his chin and she could see that she had guessed correctly that he was super cute. This encouragement was all that she needed.

It felt strange at first. Her body couldn’t easily accept that it was okay to just pee herself this way. But it was a real diaper after all. And after the first few trickles, a loud hissy stream began to flow into the padding. The piss tickled her as it ran against her skin for a few seconds before being absorbed easily into the soft material. It wasn’t as wet as she imagined it would be, most of it was actually soaked up by the expanding diaper.

“Carolyn aren’t you going to-“ her fairy friend asked, pulling her panties up and turning around before seeing what was up. “Ohhh, I see!”

Her and the pirate both giggled. But the wizard was silent. Eyes fixated on the growing diaper, that was becoming a bit less white and a bit more yellow. Until finally, she was done. She felt the front, pushing it up, it was heavier than it had once been but it had done its job well. She looked back at the wizard, who averted his eyes but Carolyn could clearly tell he enjoyed what had just taken place.

“So is that a wand in your robes or do you just like what you see?” She asked.

