Desperate in the World of Light: Sheik

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2020-01-11 00:49

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

$$

The sound of the wind blowing through the trees was briefly replaced by the sound of an explosion. The smoke from the explosion slowly cleared and revealed a blue ninja by the name of Sheik. Sheik reached for her dagger and looked around. Once she was sure the coast was clear,she let go of the dagger and started making her way through the forest. As she kept moving forward,she looked at all the trees and bushes that were around her. Sheik stopped walking and started shifting her weight from one foot to another.

Earlier that day,She and the other participants of the smash tourney tried to fight back against a deity known as Galeem. Unfortunately, they lost the battle and they all got captured by Galeem. Except for the hero of Dream Land...Kirby. Until the pink hero saved her,Sheik (and all the other smashers) were frozen and used as casts to create puppets. And while Sheik didn't exactly know how long she was frozen,it was pretty obvious that it didn't stop her bladder from filling.

Sheik looked at all the bushes. it didn't feel like she was near her limit,but the pressure was still distracting. She decided it would be best she took care of it now. She approached one of the bushes and hopped over it. Just as she was about to undo her belt, she heard some footsteps. Sheik quickly turned around with 6 needles between her fingers. She saw two puppets of Princess Peach approaching her. Sheik jumped over the bushes and threw the needles at the Peach puppets. They both twirled forward and avoided the needles. Upon landing Sheik tossed a grenade attached to a rope at them.

Before they could react,Sheik pulled the rope and detonated the grenade. The explosion sent both of the puppets flying. Sheik pulled out more needles and ran in the direction of the puppets. The puppets got up from the ground only to be hit in the face by the needles. While they recoiled from the attack,Sheik lunged forward and knocked the two princess clones away with two knifehand strikes. The princess were sent flying once again. This time,they fell of a cliff and exploded upon making impact with the ground below.

Sheik looked down from the cliff and saw two spirits floating away from the smoke of the explosion. As she stared at the two spirits rising from the ground,a castle entered her field of vision. Sheik squinted her eyes and could barely see out a line of shadows leaving the castle. She hunched over and leaped into the air. She performed a couple of flips on her way up and then performed a diving motion on her way down. She stuck the landing,but not without feeling a twinge in her body. She quickly crossed her legs and rubbed them together to ease the pressure. She looked around again and after making sure there weren't any enemies nearby,she started walking forward.

###

Sheik arrived at a pair of pillars. The pillars had statues of Bowser on them. Sheik stopped walking when she heard more footsteps. She immediately hid behind one of the pillars. While she was hiding,she placed her hands between her legs and started fidgeting. The footsteps got louder and Sheik could see some shadows in the corner of her eye. She turned her face towards the shadows and saw a group of puppets marching forward. The group consisted of Peach puppets and Bowser Puppets. Sheik slowly peeked from behind the pillar to check if there were more puppets coming. She then saw the entrance to the castle and a bunch of puppets standing in front. Sheik hid behind the pillar again and started shifting her weight again.

She decided to avoid combat for now and find another entrance. She looked at the castle walls and saw multiple open windows. she took a deep breath and lunged towards the castle wall. Once she was close to the wall,she leaped towards the window before one of the puppets could spot her. Sheik entered the window and looked around while her hand was on her dagger. She was now standing in the middle of an empty hallway. Sheik clenched her fists and started running through the empty hallway. She reached the corner of a wall and hid behind it. She waited for a few seconds and then continued running. While running,she saw a red door up ahead. However,she also saw the door knob twisting. The door opened and revealed two peach puppets. The puppets marched forward with turnips in their hands.

Sheik looked down from a support beam and waited for the puppets to leave. Once they were out of sight,Sheik jumped off the support beam and landed in front of the door. Upon landing,she felt another twinge in her bladder. She turned around and looked at the hallway that was on the other side of the door. She let out a sigh and walked past the door.

###

Sheik closed the door behind her and looked around. She put her hands between her legs and shifted her weight again. There were a lot of hallways in this castle. Thankfully,each hallway had plenty of support beams for her to jump on in order to stay out of the puppets sight. Unfortunately for her,she had to jump from one beam to another. Each time she landed,she could her bladder pressuring her. Now that she reached the end of what seemed like the 10th hallway,her bladder was even more full than when she entered the castle.

Sheik slowly moved forward while keeping her hands between her legs. She stopped when she heard a bubbling sound. Sheik looked down and saw a bunch of lava under the platform she was standing on. Sheik then looked up until something bright entered her line of sight. her eyes widened. It was the REAL Princess Peach. She was standing on a platform across the pit of lava. Some glowing blue ropes were around her body and her eyes were closed. Suddenly,a yellow glowing stream of liquid splattered against her head. Sheik groaned and tried to look away from the glowing stream,as it reminded her too much of something she wanted to take care of right now. A loud thud then caught her attention and made her look back at peach. The golden liquid slowly morphed into a Peach puppet. The peach puppet walked towards the edge of the platform and started floating over the lava pit.

Sheik quickly threw a smoke bomb and vanished out of sight. The puppet landed on the platform sheik was standing on and looked around. After a few seconds,the puppet headed towards the door and left the room. Shortly after the door was shut,Another smoke bomb went off and Sheik reappeared on the same spot she was standing on. Sheik then turned towards the platform peach was standing on and looked around frantically.

"Ahh....How do i get to that platform?" Sheik asked herself as she rubbed her legs together. She then looked to the left side of the room and saw a blue switch. This switch was located on another platform across the lava. And there were multiple pillars with Bowser Statues on top in them. Sheik realized that the only way she could get to that switch was by jumping off the side of the pillars. She took a deep breath and leaped towards one of the pillars. She clinged onto the pillar and then leaped another one. She leaped from pillar to pillar until she landed on the platform with the switch. Upon landing,she approached the switch with both of her hands between her legs and stepped on it. Suddenly,a bridge appeared between Peach's platform and the platform Sheik was standing on earlier.

Sheik then leaped from pillar to pillar again to reach the platform she was previously on. However,upon clinging onto the final pillar,she heard a cracking sound. Before she had a chance to look down,the pillar collapsed. Sheik quickly landed on some debris and leaped towards the platform with her hands between her legs. She landed on the platform and stood still for a few seconds in order to make sure she didn't lose control of her bladder. She them stood straight and approached Princess Peach.

"ROOOOOOOOOOOOAR!!!*

Sheik looked up and quickly rolled away from the statue. A Bowser Puppet landed in front of her. The Puppet started running towards her. He threw a punch, but Sheik ducked under it and jabbed him in the stomach. She then started jabbing him repeatedly with knifehand strikes and knocked him back with a straight punch. The puppet then leaped into the air and dived down while spinning in his shell. Sheik rolled out of the way again and threw a needle at his face. The puppet recoiled,giving Sheik the chance the strike by kicking him the stomach. The puppet took a few steps back and ran towards Sheik again. Sheik backflipped over him and landed behind him. The puppet quickly turned around and struck her in the abdomen. Sheik took a few steps back and landed on her knees with both hands between her legs. She could feel a wet patch in her panties. The puppet slowly approached her and inhaled. He then spewed fire towards Sheik and waited for the fire to disappear.

However,sheik was nowhere to be seen. The puppet looked around in confusion only to be caught in an explosion. He slid back a bit and shook his head. He then saw Sheik standing there,with her body covered in smoke and a pin attached to a rope in her hand. She dropped the pin and ran towards the puppet. Once she was close,she leaped into the air and struck the puppet with the a Bouncing Fish. This knocked the puppet off the bridge,causing him to land in the lava below. Sheik quickly crossed her legs and put her hands between them. Her eyes darted left and right and then stopped on Peach. She approached Peach and grabbed her dagger. With one swing,she cut off the ropes around her body. The princess slowly opened her eyes and looked around until she noticed Sheik standing in front of her.

"S-Sheik?

"Princess Peach....Are you Alright?" Sheik asked with concern. Peach nodded and looked around.

"Did anyone else escape the attack? Is Mario safe?" Peach asked as she looked around the castle again.

"M-Mario is okay...only Kirby managed to make it out of the....attack but....he has rescued most of the smashers..." Sheik said. Her hands weren't between her legs,but her legs were still crossed.

"So,We still have a more smashers to rescue...very well...let's go..." Peach said as took a step on the bridge.

###

Sheik opened a door,allowing the princess to leave the room she and the ninja were just in. Sheik then closed the door behind her and put her hands between her legs again. her bladder was at it's limit now and she had a feeling that she would lose control of it if she got into another fight.

"Ahhh!.....Ohhhh!" Sheik turned around upon hearing the noise. Her eyes widened a little when she saw Peach looking down with her hands between her legs.

"H-Hey..Sheik? How long was i stuck there?" Peach asked as she looked at the Ninja with a worried expression.

"I....don't know...why?" Sheik asked. Thought,she didn't really need to as she could already guess the answer.

"I uhh...need to....water the flowers...." Peach said nervously as she shifted her weight from one foot to another. "You uhh....do you think they have any restrooms here?...or chamber pots?"

Sheik shook her head. The only people that were in this castle were puppets that likely didn't have bladders.

"Ooooh....What do i do?" Peach said as she frantically looked around. Although it wasn't visible,Sheik had a worried look on her face. She looked around the room they were standing in to make sure there was nobody. After a bit of hesitation,Sheik suggested something that she was dying to do right now.

"Maybe...you should do it right here..." Sheik said nervously. Peach stared at her friend for a few seconds before letting out a loud "WHAT?!". Sheik shushed her and looked around again.

"D-Do it right here? W-What if someone sees me?!" Peach asked. Sheik looked around the room and then looked back at her.

"This rooms seems to be completely empty....i'll stay on the look out for you if it helps...." Sheik replied. Peach's face turned pink. After a few painful seconds of silence,she nodded and took a few steps towards the wall. Peach then lifted her dress and pulled down her panties. She then crouched and spread her knees while holding the front her dress.

"Ahh...." peach moaned as she let out a couple or urine drops. She relaxed and after a few seconds,a stream of urine jetted out of her body. Peach exhaled as she let out all the urine her bladder had held while she was captured. While peach was relieving herself,Sheik was standing behind her. Looking out for enemies and trying her hardest to ignore all the noises Peach was making. Sheik crossed her legs tighter and waited for Peach to finish. But her bladder kept pressuring her to do the same and it didn't last long until Sheik couldn't take it anymore. She quickly ran up to Peach and started undoing her belt.

"Huh? Sheik? What are you doing?"

"S-Sorry,Princess! But I can't hold it anymore!" Sheik said as she yanked down her pants and panties. She quickly got into a squatting position and lost control of her bladder. A stream of pee jetted out of Sheik's lower region and this stream seemed more powerful than Peach's stream.

"Aaaaaaaaaah~......" Sheik moaned with relief. She closed her eyes and relaxed as her stream created a puddle that was slowly growing. Peach looked at her friend's stream with surprise.

"Oh dear....how long have you been holding it?" Peach asked. She then looked at her own stream,which was slowly getting weaker until only a couple of drops came out.

"Since i got freed.....ohh...." Sheik moaned. Her stream was still going strong while Peach's stream was completely gone.

"Hey...Sheik? Do you have anything to wipe with?" Peach asked. Sheik opened her eyes and shook her head.

"Figures...." Peach said as she got up and pulled her panties back up. After what felt like half a minute,Sheik's stream stopped. Sheik got up and pulled her pants and panties back up.

"Ahh....i feel much better now...." Sheik said. Pulled out her parasol and looked around.

"Now then...Let's continue with the search for the other smashers." Peach said. Sheik nodded and pulled out a smoke bomb. She then grabbed Peach and lifted her hand before throwing the smoke bomb on the ground.

