Jodie and Jay: Urinating in Snow and Sand

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2022-01-13 22:47

Jodie Holmes and Elisa: Melting the Ice

Jodie Holmes was quite bewildered to say the least. Some time had passed since her escapades with Jay. Now she was back with her ex, Ryan. Not romantically, that ship had sailed long ago. Back as in she had returned for one final mission. Nathan and Ryan managed to convince her that she was necessary, without her and Aiden the spirits would be released. Unfortunately the mission took place in a frigid wasteland which reduced everyone to shivering in their parkas as they gulped down coffee to keep themselves somewhat stable. Jodie was no stranger to extreme climates due to her service as an agent and when she was homeless, but that didn’t stop her from being uncomfortable in the slightest. There was one silver lining so to speak. The caffeinated liquid not only warmed her up, but also shot straight to her bladder.

‘Damn, I wonder how long I can hold it in before having to piss.” She was beginning to squirm around, and not wanting to appear suspicious, began pacing back and forth. It had been a while ago back when she was with Jay that the petite woman knew urination could be rather sexual, although the truth was she had unconsciously had the urge even before that. It had happened way back during when she was with the homeless group who rescued her. They consisted of the selfless Stan, the drunk but well meaning Walter, tragically addicted Jimmy, and unfortunate Elisa who went by Tuesday.

She was very pretty, with a warm smile, copper hair, and beautiful curves. She was also heavily pregnant, days away from giving birth. This meant many things, the main takeaway of course meaning Tuesday would be a mother, but one thing that stood out to Jodie was how often the pregnant woman had to urinate. Since the two were women, they shared their own bathroom schedule to make sure they had privacy from the men, not that they would ever peek but Stan still felt it was the right thing to do.

“Oh Jodie, I hope you never have to go through this, or at least not in these conditions.” Tuesday moaned as she unzipped her jeans, and dropped them, along with her panties while Jodie followed suit. The younger woman took the time to compare their bushes, noticing while both were thick and full, her brunette bush was of course much darker but also uniform and downy. Meanwhile the older woman’s was much more unruly, made up of tough and curly auburn hairs resembling copper wires. “It’s because when you’re pregnant the kidneys are much more active? I read that in a book.”

“Smart girl. Also this baby’s really pressing on my bladder.” Jodie watched as a torrent exited Tuesday’s genitals, spraying and dissolving the snow on the street followed by moans of relief. The older woman had been practicing how to urinate standing up after seeing Jodie do so, finding it very impressive and much more convenient. Eventually she finished, shaking her hip, and Jodie gently wiped her lower lips. The petite woman did the same, sighing as she released her own stream. She finished as well, spreading her lips so Tuesday could return the favor and wipe her as well. The memory of them urinating in the snow brought Jodie back to her current condition.

Now she had two needs, the desperate urge to void her bladder and to masturbate but of course she could only do the former since it was much too frigid to risk such foolishness. Having no choice she had to ask Ryan for permission to relieve herself outside. She’d rather not, considering the guy was her ex who had no business knowing she had to do hers but what can a girl do? On the bright side maybe she could at least make sure to embarrass him as well so they’d both be even. The waif walked up to him and whispered in his ear.

“Hey Ryan, is it cool if I go outside?”

“Depends, what for?” the man responded in his professional voice. Jodie rolled her eyes in exasperation. ‘We could have done this the easy way, Jack Ryan, but you really wanna do this.’ she inwardly groaned. “You’re really going to make me say it? Fine, I have to pee. And not a little one, all that coffee’s really been making my bladder and genitals ache with the desire to unleash a boiling river of hot piss, it might even melt the snow. That’s how badly I need to go, or I might wet myself and you’d have to clean up the puddle and do my laundry since you wouldn’t let me go since you’re such a jerk.”

“Jesus Christ Jodie, fine! No need to tell me all the details.” Ryan responded with burning cheeks as he pretended to focus really hard on his computer work. “Thanks!” she beamed sarcastically and practically skipped knowing her plan was successful. Kicking off her pants and jockey shorts she stood up straight and thrust forward. The cold viciously nipped at her bare genitals and backside but the discomfort was worth it as she voided her bladder, moaning in satisfaction as the urine soaked the snow. When she was done, she shook her hips dry and hoped it would be enough as she redressed and headed back. Thankfully her fun had just begun.

Jodie Holmes and Jay: First times and Sex on the Beach

Some months later Jodie and Aiden were finally ready to start their lives happily, not needing to worry about souls, enemy soldiers, or other threats, Ryan had warned her that things were never over completely and she believed him, assuring him that she and her guardian angel would step in if necessary. However it would definitely take a lot to be necessary and in the meantime the waif was dead set on spending every last bit of it she could with her true family, especially her lover Jay. Clad in skinny jeans, red t shirt, and black leather jacket Jodie hopped on the motorcycle and headed straight to the Navajo family, parking right near the house. The revving engine was enough that Jay, Cory, and Paul immediately headed out to see her leaning against the vehicle, grinning with true happiness. Jay immediately made a beeline for her and they shared a deep kiss and embrace, glad to finally be reunited.

“I missed you so much. It sounds so fucking stupid but I do. I’m still questioning if it’s really you.” Jay replied hoarsely. “I missed you too Jay. Trust me, I’m here to stay. Unless the end of the world comes but until then we’re here together.” They reluctantly broke off their hug so Jodie could greet Paul and Cory. “Long time no see. It’s very fortunate you are back, having Shimasani pass on and then your departure was a little rough but now we’re back together.” the father explained. “Yeah, without you things were pretty boring, Jay especially thought so.” Cory joined in with a good natured grin.

“Well, me and Cory will be heading out. I’m sure you two have a lot to catch up on, make sure to call on the radio when you’re done with whatever. Just know we’re happy to have you back.” Jodie and Jay looked away in embarrassment, knowing exactly why Paul and Cory were leaving them alone with each other. They turned and faced directly. “So, what do you want to do?” Jay hesitantly questioned. Jodie wrapped her arms around the tall man’s neck and smirked deviously. “I think I have a few ideas.” the petite woman replied as they kissed again, this time with less romance and more desire. The two headed to Jay’s room, and they carefully undressed each other. Jodie giggled when her lover’s length sprang out of his boxers, a 10 inch monster. “This might tear little old me apart. I hope popping my cherry won’t be too bad.” Suddenly Jay stopped. “You’re a virgin too?”

“Um, yeah? You thought I wasn’t?”

“You were just so confident and sexy, I thought you had done this before. Shit Jodie, I don’t want to hurt you!”

“Relax Jay, everything will be fine.” she cooed. “Yes it will hurt, but it’ll pass. Trust me, I’ve suffered a lot worse.” Jay knew she was telling the truth as he had kissed some of her scratches and bullet scars just some minutes ago. “Now, let’s make love.” First she enveloped him in her mouth, taking his enormous length and swirling her tongue, causing Jay to gasp and groan. She didn’t want to tease him too much since it was his first time, instead she was just going to get him excited enough so he could stick it in. After a couple of seconds she lay down on the bed with spread legs, giving him an excellent view of her tight innie pussy and thick bush.

“Are you ready Jay?”

“Not particularly.”

“I understand Jay, just know there’s no judgement. We’re making love, and that’s enough for me. I love you Jay.”

“I love you too Jodie.” He replied and kissed her lips gently before heading down her neck and to her breasts. They were as petite as she was but Jay loved them anyways, lovingly sucking and biting the pink nipples until they stood erect. Jodie was feeling like she could reach the stratosphere. Sure she had kissed Ryan but they never went this far, and masturbation just didn’t compare to making love with a partner. He continued to do the same to her hard abs and eventually reached the prize down south. He kissed her inner thighs, then finally performed oral and tongue thrust her cunt. Jodie screamed with joy and bucked her hips up and down, grinding her pussy into his face as he continued to eat her out. “Jay careful, I’m at my limit, I’m gonna squirt!”

“What is that?” he questioned innocently. ‘Shit, he doesn’t know? Think Jodie!’ “Um, it’s like a woman peeing because she orgasms. That’s not exactly correct but it’s the best I can explain.” Jay nodded in understanding.

“Does that mean I can put it in?”

“Yes Jay, make love to me.” He carefully adjusted his length, and with a well timed thrust shot his dick straight into her pussy, cringing as his cock tore right through her hymen and buried itself within her walls. Jodie screeched in pain, hugging and clawing at his back while he gently kissed and hugged her. “I’m so sorry, Jodie.” he whispered. “I’m okay now, it’s passed like I said it would. Keep going.” Jay did as commanded, slowly thrusting in and out of Jodie.

It started out awkward but soon the boy got the hang of it, driving Jodie wild as he continued to pound his enormous cock in and out of her, the head brushing her cervix. Eventually Jodie leaned to her side and lifted her leg upwards, finding the sideways fuck to be her favorite position. “I’m so close Jay, JAY!!” she shrieked as she reached her climax. He finished first, his dick twitching as he emptied his jizz into her womb. The warm feeling caused her to accidentally squirt all over Jay’s lap and bed, effectively soaking his dick and bed sheets.

“Oh Jay I’m so sorry!” Jodie immediately apologized. She wanted to hug him but was afraid he’d be even more disgusted. However he just laughed good naturedly as he carried her outdoors to the shower. “You have nothing to be sorry for, on the contrary everything went as I hoped, even better.” he explained as he cleaned both of them free of any bodily fluids. Really?”

“Yes, we were both able to climax around the same time despite it being our first, that’s all I really wanted. I just wish I could have tasted your ecstasy. Also miss your haircut.”

“I’ll get another one soon. Jodie smiled and they shared one last kiss. Suddenly she remembered their excursion from last time when he caught her with her pants down. “Jay, remember you still owe me something from our last visit? I bet nature’s calling for you too.”

“Oh, right.” he responded with a blush. Grabbing his cock, he aimed for the drain and with a sigh let loose a long and impressive stream. Jodie gasped, feeling arousal as she joined in, voiding her bladder so both of their urine could splash and join the drain. The two shook their genitals dry, and having been aroused by the experience, took each other in another sexual embrace.

Two Months Later

“Yes, keep going baby! THANK YOU JAY!” Jodie screamed in delight and Jay was pounding her. To provide context, because of his guilt for everything he had done to Jodie and Aiden, he had provided a free vacation to Hawaii for Jodie and Jay to enjoy themselves. Jay was wary, having heard all about her ex, but Jodie assured him things would be alright. Everyone remained civil and the couple thanked the man for his graciousness. Jodie had her pixie cut back and was wearing a blue bikini, it wasn’t particularly showy but still showed her off in all the right places. Jay was clad in black board short, showing off his handsome tan muscular body. They had finally arrived on the beach and she had asked Jay to help her apply lotion so her pale skin wouldn’t be roasted by the sun. He obliged, carefully massaging it onto his lover’s back.

“Why don’t you take it off. Ryan got us a secluded spot for a reason.” Jodie whispered playfully. Jay gulped nervously. “Uh, right.” Of course they had spent the last two months making love but doing so on a beach was an entirely new experience. He carefully united the top to do what was needed. Once done, the petite woman grabbed her lover’s hand and guided him to some large rocks. “What are we doing here?”

“What do you think?” she questioned mischievously as she leaned forward to balance herself on the rocks, while popping her ass back. “Can’t lie on my back like we’re used to or I’ll get sand all over my ass.” Jay took the hint and wasted no time pulling them down, while teasing her special spot with the tip of his dick.

With a well timed thrust he buried himself within her walls, causing them both to moan. After some standing doggy style, Jodie lifted her leg up so Jay could fuck her sideways. Doing so while standing was tricky work that stretched her legs, genitals, and bladder to the limit causing the girl to screech in both pain and ecstasy. With one final thrust, Jay emptied his jizz in her womb and withdrew while Jodie’s cunt clenched his dick in orgasmic throes. He withdrew and both were panting. Once the orgasmic high wore off they both proceeded to urinate standing up, dampening the sand beneath them and carefully avoiding stepping into their own urine.

“Well that’s one way to start a vacation.” Jay began while shaking his dick dry. “I’ll say.” Jodie replied while her stream was still going strong. “Congratulations, it’s about to get better.” a new voice interrupted. Jodie briefly clenched her genitals to stop and turn around ready to fight the unwelcome intruder despite being naked, feeling extremely irate at the idea of someone stopping her urination and peeping on her. Jay was also ready to fight, but unfortunately could not since both were armed. The one who spoke was a black man with a suppressed AK-9, and the other was a pale and petite woman holding a Beretta. Both were dressed with swimwear which looked odd when they were armed but Jodie and Jay were far from laughing.

“Wow, she's strong. I would’ve pissed myself even harder, you go girl.” the pale woman complimented. “Excuse me?! What the fuck are you two even doing?!” Jodie exclaimed in outrage. “Relax girl we ain’t here to hurt you! The guns are for somebody else, we just need to recruit you two. We need strong warriors who love sex and urinating and you two definitely fit the bill from what we’ve seen. Plus you have that spirit don’t you? We need his help.” the man explained. Aiden growled, shaking the ground. “Please Jodie, we need your help.”

“Tell us your names before we do anything.” Jodie demanded while hopping from place to place, her desire to continue her urination increasing. “I’m Tyler and that’s Sam. Just hurry or Earth is in danger.”

“Can I at least finish what I was doing?” Jodie dryly questioned. “Sure.” With an agitated groan she relaxed and continued to void her bladder, her stream bursting as a torrent. After some hip shakes she grabbed her bikini top and bottom, hurriedly slipping them back on.

“So much for our vacation.” Jay grumbled, already regretting following the strange couple. “Trust us, we’ll make it worth your while. You two are gonna love what we have in store.” Sam explained. Suddenly the four were enveloped by a shining light and transported. Now they were in a steaming jungle, where men and women were roaming in scantily clad clothes or completely bare, although some dressed normally as well. Even more shocking was how some of them were openly urinating on the ground or in the nearby river. Jodie and Jay looked at each other in shock, but Tyler and Sam were unfazed, having already seen and participated. They eventually reached some temple, where loud moaning could be heard.

“Back at it again huh. I swear those two never let up.” Tyler groaned. “Just the sign of a healthy king and queen.” Sam grinned. They were greeted at the sight of a tan woman writhing on top of a pale man, both in obvious pleasure. “Carla, Lucas, we found Jodie. She’s got a boyfriend too, both are in peak condition, although they’re not too happy.” Carla and Lucas whipped their heads toward the two.

“Fuck, we’re so sorry, let us finish up real quick.” Carla apologized. A couple of gyrations along with sounds of climax and eventually the two sat up on their bed, finished from their session of lovemaking. “Hey there, sorry about that. I know that wasn’t exactly the most professional of first impressions but at least you have an idea on how we do things.”

“Right, why the hell are we even here?”

“We’re about to go to war, and we’ve been searching for special folks like you.” Lucas exclaimed. “You’re both in peak physical condition and one of you is linked to a spirit, just what we need to win this war.”

“And why are we even involved?” Jay questioned irritably. “Because if you don’t, Earth will definitely be invaded and either conquered or just completely destroyed. I know you don’t want either of those and we can certainly prevent it. Please help us.” Jodie sighed. “We’ll help out but don’t expect us to do any of the kinky sex and piss activities.”

“I’m pretty sure you’re at the very least considering it, but we understand if you refrain.” Carla explained. “In the meantime, go find a place to settle down and relax, it’s the least you deserve. Jodie and Jay looked at each other in exasperation, wondering what they have gotten themselves into.

Ending Note: So I’m back, from an unnecessarily long break. Obviously I don’t have a schedule but I was planning on releasing this a lot earlier and it definitely shouldn’t have taken so long, especially considering I didn’t even put that much effort into it. On the bright side, in case the ending wasn’t enough of a hint, yes I’m planning on a Quantum Dreams multiverse omo story to wrap it all up. Even better, I got a project that’s even more ambitious than anything I’ve ever done, even my Fahrenheit story. I originally wanted to save my best work for last considering I’m already around ⅓ through with the content I plan on releasing but realized that kind of logic might prevent me from ever releasing it which would be a shame. Hopefully I release more often, peace!

