Valerie 7 Champagne

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-04-20 08:54

CHAMPAGNE

As I emerged from Canary Wharf tube station my phone pinged with a text from Valerie. "Hurry home birthday boy! Showers forecast!" I smiled as I looked up at the cloudless sky of a perfect late afternoon in Spring.

When I arrived at our Docklands flat I found Valerie busy in the kitchen. She was wearing a crop top and a short, wide, pink skirt that brought back fond memories. I also noticed that she was jigging from foot to foot as she seared steaks in a pan and stirred her port wine sauce. I made no comment - if she was about to wet herself then I was certainly not going to object.

"It's a lovely evening so I thought we could eat on the balcony" she said. "Those steaks just need ten minutes or so in the oven so there's time for a quick aperitif Champagne is cooling in the fridge".

Valerie transferred the steaks to an oven tray and topped them with stilton butter. She tensed for a moment, squeezing her legs tightly together and biting her lower lip. When she crouched down to put the tray of steaks into the oven a few stray drips fell from beneath her skirt on to the marble floor.

Carrying the champagne and glasses I followed Valerie through the lounge and on to the balcony where the table had been laid for two. Candles in glass holders glittered among the crockery and cutlery around a centrepiece of spring flowers.

As I popped the cork and filled the glasses Valerie kicked off her shoes, turned to face me and placed her hands on her hips, lifting her skirt to reveal a pretty pair of blue-grey hipster briefs with a floral pattern and a small patch of dampness between her parted legs. Her eyes closed and her face wore an expression of pure relief as the patch rapidly expanded and a stream pattered on to the balcony floor between her bare feet.

The stream subsided, Valerie opened her eyes and gave me her familiar impish grin. "Happy birthday darling!"

"That was certainly worth a glass of champagne!" I said in appreciation as I handed one to her. "You know how to make a birthday boy feel special!"

"So I see!" she replied, looking at the bulge in my shorts. "But you are going to have to wait until much later before I take care of that. I have been busy all afternoon cooking you a special birthday dinner and those steaks will be ready by now."

Valerie walked barefoot through to the kitchen and returned with the steaks and other dishes. As we took our seats at the table she took care to spread out her skirt.

It was an excellent dinner, accompanied by more champagne, a superb Aussie Shiraz and several glasses of iced water. I made sure that Valerie's water glass was kept topped up.

As the meal drew to a close there was a splashing sound beneath Valerie's seat. I raised an eyebrow. She looked at me with an expression of wide-eyed innocence.

We were both feeling relaxed after a pressured few months. I had completed my thesis and Valerie had handed in her final dissertation. I had an exciting job lined up to start in September and in the meantime the family's Tuscan villa lay waiting for us, the house spring-cleaned by the local caretaker couple, the pool re-filled and the battered old Fiat hatchback serviced and fuelled. I mentioned how much I was looking forward to returning there.

"Me too" Valerie said. "But I met Emily today to do some shopping and she is quite worried about it."

"What is the problem?"

"You know she is very keen on this boy Jack she met at a party a few weeks ago?" I nodded. I had met Jack a couple of times and he struck me as very pleasant.

"They certainly seem to be well matched" I said "and if I am any judge, Jack is every bit as keen on Emily as she is on him."

"She wants to invite Jack to join us at the villa this summer but she does not know how he will react to the way we all just wet ourselves when we are down by the pool rather than bothering to walk all the way back up to the house. She does not know if Jack will be embarassed or offended but she wants the rest of us to be able to relax and not to regard their presence as a nuisance.

"It was much easier for me last year because I already knew how much you like it when I wet my knickers but, as I am sure you remenmber, it got a bit awkward after Amanda and Emily were both caught short in that dreadful storm. At least..." she giggled at the memory "....it was awkward until you put on the Budgie Smuggler Show for us."

"For what it is worth," I said "I get the impression that quite a lot of men are at least mildly turned on by the idea of girls wetting but whether that is all, or even most, I simply do not know. It is not really something that comes up in conversation. Has Emily never wet herself when she is with Jack?"

"Apparently not", Valerie replied. "Although she sometimes wets for convenience her general preference seems to be to stay dry. When we were kids she wet he knickers less often than Amanda or me - or Mummy, for that matter."

Angela, the girls' mother, was an elegant forty-something and obviously the source of the three sisters' stunning good looks. I knew that she had brought up her daughters to have no inhibitions about wetting themselves discreetly, provided no damage was done or offence caused. I also knew that she was perfectly happy to do the same herself and it was clear that Peter, her husband, approved.

"Emily told me that she needs to know how Jack would react before they go to the villa and she thinks the only way to do this is to stage an 'accident' in front of him. She wants it to be somewhere private but to look genuine it has to be somewhere where no loo is available. She also plans to build up to it in stages of desperation so that she could draw back if he seems to be reacting negatively. The problem is there is no obvious way of setting up this scenario. In any case, she does not want to try it yet. She wants their relationship to develop further before she takes the risk.

"In fact they are intending to sleep together for the first time tonight. They are going a party with some of Emily's student friends and afterwards she is going back to Jack's flat. Emily is excited but nervous - you know she can be rather shy - so that's why we went shopping today. I wanted her to have some really exciting lingerie to wear under her party dress to boost her confidence. She chose a lovely silky cherry red bra and panty set and some stockings to wear with them."

I nodded my approval of the stockings - in my view there is nothing less sexy than a pair of tights.

I poured the last of the champagne into our glasses. Valerie snuggled on to my lap and we solemnly drank a toast to the success of Emily's first night with Jack.

Valerie sipped her champagne reflectively. "If Emily's plan works out and Jack does come to Tuscany this summer knowing what to expect, he will need to do things our way. None of this disappearing behind a bush like you used to do. He will need to wet his bathers like the rest of us. Women's equality demands no less!"

I promised to make sure that Jack was properly briefed - in all senses.

In a slightly tipsy voice Valerie murmured "Funny thing about champagne......." a pause, a hissing sound, liquid warmth in my lap "......it always makes me want to wee."

*005*2018-04-24 06:28

Thank you all for the encouraging comments and I am glad you are enjoying the stories so far.

Dealer, I have avoided giving too much detail of how Valerie and her family look so that we can each imagine them as we would like them to be. Your choice of Jessica Paré shows excellent taste!

A snub nose and a few freckles might make Valerie not quite a classical beauty - what makes her irresistible are those captivating eyes that are always alight with fun and mischief and, of course, her tendency to disregard other people's rules. Intelligent - about to gain a Master's degree in chemistry - kind, generous and very much in love with...

Tom, who is a few years older than Valerie (25 to her 22) and her equal in intelligence and capacity for hard work. Just completed his doctoral thesis on fluid dynamics (no - not that kind of fluid dynamics! Think airflow in gas turbines.) Medium height and build but athletic - regularly works out hard at the gym, plays left wing in the university rugby team. Supports Arsenal.

Emily (20) is more reserved than her sisters, gentle, sensitive and a little shy. Artistic temperament, currently studying fine art at degree level. Now dating....

Jack (25) Not much known about him yet except that he works as a co-pilot operating out of London City Airport. Tom also tells me he supports Tottenham Hotspur (nobody's perfect).

Amanda (18). Still very young, her beauty has a gamine quality that reminds Peter, her father, of Angela on their first date. Wilful, impetuous and even more of a rule-breaker than Valerie. Beneath her occasionally brash manner she is as kind and generous as her sisters and more sensitive than she likes to show. She views Tom both as a friend and as target practice for developing her seductive charms - she knows he is turned on by seeing her wet her bikini and will occasionally shoot him a smouldering look as she does so. However she has no chance - and no serious intention - of luring him away from Valerie.

Angela (43), the girls' mother and perhaps a slightly older version of Jessica Paré. Her own mother was something of a 1960s flower-child, in a casual relationship with a man who subsequently left her. Her mother raised Angela and her older brothers single-handedly, supplementing state benefits with sales of produce from the garden of their ramshackle cottage. There was never much money in her rather chaotic childhood but there was lots of love. Her mother let Angela and her half-brothers run wild all day long in the Gloucestershire countryside which is where she learnt that wetting herself was preferable to risking her brothers' derision by squatting down with her knickers around her knees. Now married to....

Peter (45), the girls' father. Grew up on a small farm in Gloucestershire where he was friends with Angela's brothers. Peter and Angela married young, before either of them knew that he would go on to build up a multi-million pound property development business from nothing. Reputation as a shrewd but straight-dealing businessman.His entrepreneurial flair and financial success has given his family a level of wealth and security that is in sharp contrast to Angela's childhood. Supports West Ham.

