Twintelle's Break (Twintelle-ARMS (Short Story)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-06-22 11:41

$$

"Aaaaaaaaaaand,Min-Min has been K.O.'D!" Biff said. Half of the crowd started cheering the other half either stayed silent of booed.

"The winner is....TWINTELLE!" Biff yelled. Twintelle slowly walked around the arena,shaking her hips in a seductive manner. She smiled and blew a kiss at her fans. While she was waving however,she was swaying her hips a little and rubbing her knees together. She got out of the arena and entered the hallway. She sighed.

"It feels nice to have a big audience. But it can be so nerve wracking to have so many eyes on you... It's a good thing i was able to hold it for so long..." Twintelle said while placing her hands between her legs.

Ever since the tournament started,she had been holding her pee in for 5 matches. And she had drank a few cups of tea that quickly made its way to her bladder during all those matches. Combined with all the punches she received during the matches,it was a miracle that she was able to hold it in without any leaks. But the matches were finally over and she had some business to take care of. However,that turned out to be a little difficult.Because the second she exited the hallway,there was a crowd waiting for her at the end. The crowd very quickly swarmed her and started bombarding her with comments.

"TWINTELLE,I'M SUCH HUGE FAN!"

"CAN YOU SIGN MY HAIR?"

"WHAT PRODUCTS TO YOU USE?"

"HOW CAN YOU USE YOUR HAIR AS ARMS?"

Twintelle smiled and tried to get through the crowd,while trying to answer as many questions. However,a few of the people in the crowd tried touching her hair.

"H-HEY! Please don't do that!" She said as she quickly covered her hair.

The fan apologized and quickly retracted their hand. After a while,Twintelle was able to escape the crowd and she made it to the door of the locker room. She ran her hands through her hair and groaned. It wasn't the first time someone tried to get a hold of some of her hair. Some people wanted to keep it as a memento. but other people, Mostly ARMS-Scientists, tried to get some to figure out how her hair works. So far twintelle refused to tell them her secret. But thoughts were quickly replaced by a more urgent matter;taking care of her full bladder. Twintelle crossed her legs and hunched over. once she was prepared,she opened the locker room and closed the door.

"Good match there,Twintelle!" Ribbon Girl said as she coiled up her ARMS to make them look like...well..regular arms.

"M-Merci..." Twintelle said nervously as she tried making her way to the toilet. Suddenly,Lola pop landed in front of her and smiled.

"That was quite a good show,you really know to make a spectacle!"

Twintelle smiled and tried to get walk past the clown.

"But uhh,serious question. Are you ever gonna tell us how your hair-"

"Pardon,i gotta take care of something!" Twintelle said as she ran to the toilet door and slammed it shut. Lola glanced at Ribbon Girl,who simply gave her a shrug.

Twintelle turned around and stood still for a few seconds.

"Don't leak,don't leak,don't leak..." She thought to herself. Once she was certain she had her bladder under control,she looked at the toilet and smiled. At last,she was waiting too long for this. She approached the toilet and reached for the toilet paper. She placed a few blocks on the toilet seat and then tried to pull down her pants. She did have a little bit of trouble at first,but she was able to get them down without losing control of her bladder.

"I swear,my butt isn't that big..." She said as she reached for her panties. She had seen those fans. Those who only ever seemed to talk about how "thicc" she was. She couldn't tell if she liked that attention or not. She then pulled down her cream-colored panties. She sad down and relaxed. A powerful spray of urine escaped and splattered against the toilet bowl.

"Ahhhhh.....mon dieu...." Twintelle whispered to herself as she leaned her body back and closed her eyes. She felt like she was in heaven. She let out a quiet moan,but quickly covered her mouth and looked at the door. She didn't want the girls outside to hear all the indecent noises coming out of her. She didn't hear any comments,so she relaxed again and placed her hands on her thighs as she waited for her bladder to be completely empty. The Silver Screen queen looked at her panties and was happy to see that she hadn't leaked. Those panties were made from high quality fabric and she didn't want to ruin them even slightly. with the feeling of relief now gone,she closed her eyes and waited until her stream started getting weaker.

Eventually,it completely stopped,with only a few drops coming out. She grabbed some more toilet paper,this time she used it to wipe herself clean. Once that was done,she got up and pulled her pants and panties back up. After struggling a little,she turned around and picked up all the toilet paper to drop it all into the toilet bowl. She flushed the toilet and then walked towards the sink with a smile,free from all the stress she felt. However,another thought weighed in on her mind.

"I really shouldn't make a habit out of this..." Twintelle said. It wasn't first time she had to hold it until she was at her limit. And if she kept drinking cups of tea before the match like she did today,it sure wasn't gonna be the last.

