Valerie 19 - Dinner party

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-10-02 10:02

We had all made an effort to look smart, the boys in dinner jackets and the girls in beautiful party dresses and high heeled shoes. Valerie wore a cocktail dress that perfectly matched her captivating blue-grey eyes, Emily's black chiffon party dress emphasised the dark, wavy hair she had inherited from her father and Amanda had a short, flouncy cerise skirt paired with a pink and lilac top, her honey-blonde hair swept up in artful confusion.

Earlier, whilst we were getting ready to receive our guests, Valerie had teased me by sitting on my lap in a light blue bra and panty set, paired with sexy-looking garter stockings. Dodging my wandering hands, she had whispered that she and her sisters had all agreed they would all wear seductive lingerie to the party "for afterwards".

Valerie's cooking had been a great success and at the end of the meal Emily had made a pretty speech to thank Peter and Angela, the girls' parents, for the keys to her new flat. Peter and Angela then left the party to return to their London townhouse but nobody else had to travel anywhere as Amanda and Callum were staying overnight with us and Emily and Jack's new flat was in the same block as ours. A third flat would be Amanda's after her 21st birthday.

We lingered at the dining table to finish the wine - a process that involved opening fresh bottles from time to time - and to drink coffee and brandy. We were all pleasantly relaxed and the conversation was becoming increasingly uninhibited.

Emily had been enthusiastically describing the work she and Jack were doing to furnish and decorate her new flat when Valerie asked, with deceptive innocence, whether she was at all worried about leaks and spillages on carpets.

"I'm going to keep the marble flooring with just a few rugs" Emily replied, before seeing the mischievous twinkle in Valerie's eyes and realising that she was referring to the uninhibited pee play that we all knew Emily indulged in with Jack in his old Limehouse flat and in the privacy of their room at the villa in Tuscany. She blushed bright red but joined in the laughter around the table. "I - I mean, its such nice flooring it seems a shame to cover it up...." she stammered.

"I'd stop digging if I were you" Amanda advised, to more laughter.

"Don't let Valerie embarrass you" I said. "You know perfectly well that all three of us boys are wired up the same way. We're putty in your hands when you girls wet yourselves for us!"

"Hard putty in your case" Valerie retorted. "Positively stiff."

Callum said thoughtfully "You know, you three girls are - rather unusual in that respect - not that I am complaining for one moment! When I first met Amanda she was wetting her knickers."

"Why am I not surprised?" Emily murmured.

"I needed a wee!" Amanda protested, giggling. "We were on our way back to the student flats after going out clubbing and it was a long walk and it was cold! What's a girl supposed to do? And anyway, remind me, what were you doing at the time?"

"Having a pee" Callum conceded. "I just wasn't doing it in my pants."

"Well, its easier for boys!" Amanda declared with a pout. "In any case, as I recall the way that night developed, you didn't seem to be in the least put off by my wet knickers."

"Far from it!" Callum acknowledged. "I'm just curious to know how how it all started."

"It actually goes back quite a long way" said Valerie thoughtfully. We never met our grandmother because she died shortly after I was born but I gather she was very much into the hippie scene of the 1960s and 1970s, living in some sort of commune and travelling from one music festival to another. Certainly my mother and her brothers all had different fathers, none of whom stayed around. The commune didn't last long and my mother and her step-brothers were raised in a tiny cottage deep in the countryside with no proper plumbing - water from a pump and a ghastly chemical toilet in an outhouse.

"They were free to roam wild whenever they were not at school and they would often stay out all day. Her brothers would simply pee into a bush whenever they needed to but they teased her unmercifully if she squatted down with her knickers round her ankles. However she soon found that she could wet herself under her dress without her brothers noticing anything. Her mother didn't mind at all and said that she used to do the same thing at music festivals because the loos were always indescribably awful."

"Us three girls were brought up the same way" Valerie continued. "When we were old enough to understand, she confided in us that sometimes the easiest thing for a girl to do is to wet herself and that we were allowed to do so provided we didn't cause damage, offend anybody or embarrass ourselves. It was something to be kept strictly within the family.

"It was to prove very useful on long car trips to Italy, though. When the building work on the Tuscan villa was eventually finished, Mummy went round furniture auctions and architectural salvage sites finding things to furnish it. Daddy bought a Range Rover and a trailer so that we could drive all this stuff down to Italy ourselves - on one occasion we had a life-size statue strapped to the roof rack."

Amanda, who was sitting beside me, had become uncharacteristically quiet. She was listening attentively to Valerie's story, one hand cupped under her pretty little chin. Beneath the table the napkin that had been covering her lap had slipped to the floor and I could now see that she had pushed up her cerise skirt, revealing the tops of stockings, bare thighs and a glimpse of lacy panties, and was holding herself with her other hand, which was clamped between her tightly crossed legs. Clearly she was in desperate need of a pee but was determined to ignore it so as not to miss the conversation.

I knew from experience that Amanda's habit of putting off a visit to the loo did not always end well - or, more exactly from my point of view, did not always end dry. Like a good host, I topped up everybody's wine and water glasses and awaited developments.

"Our first car trip to Italy trip was a bit of a disaster" said Emily. "London to the villa is over a thousand miles and we were constantly having to stop because one or other of us needed the loo and that seemed to make the journey last for ever.

"In those days a lot of the French motorway rest areas only had a concrete hut with a hole-in-the-floor loo that you had to squat over. What was worse, nobody ever seemed to clean them. We all hated them. So much so that at one stop I pretended that I didn't need the loo. Shortly afterwards I ended up in tears, sitting in the puddle that I had made on the expensive leather seat. Although Daddy was sweet about it I was still very upset."

Valerie took up the narrative again. "When we were planning the next trip, Daddy came up with a brilliant idea. He worked out that if he and Mummy shared the driving and we only stopped for lunch and overnight we could easily do the whole trip in two days, saving a second overnight stop and a further half day on the road.

"He explained that Range Rovers are used a lot for country sports like grouse shooting and owners often fit tailored waterproof seat covers to protect against rain and mud. He suggested buying a set of these and agreeing that on the next trip we didn't have to stop just for a wee. He promised that he would always stop if we really wanted to but if not we could just wee in our knickers.

"We were all in favour of this as it meant a quicker journey and, best of all, we wouldn't have to use those horrible roadside loos. So we agreed to give it a try next trip.

Valerie paused for a sip of wine. She shifted in her seat and crossed her legs. I noticed that Emily also seemed fidgety and had her legs tightly crossed.

So, dear reader, picture the scene. There I am, sitting at a dinner table with three beautiful and elegantly dressed young women, knowing that they were all wearing exciting lingerie beneath their expensive-looking dresses and that all of them showing signs of needing to pee - at least one apparently close to wetting herself. Are you surprised that some interesting fantasies were floating into my mind?

I filled up everybody's glass again.

Valerie continued her story. "Mummy put folded towels on our seats and told us to make sure that our dresses were out of the way if we were going to wet our knickers. We set off off very early in the morning with Mummy driving and in less than two hours we were at the Eurotunnel terminal at Folkestone where we drove straight on to the next shuttle train, skipping the terminal building. We had a picnic breakfast in the car during the journey through the Channel Tunnel, then straight off at the other end and on to the autoroute southwards.

"The fizzy pop I had drunk with my picnic soon worked its way through so I just let go and wet myself where I was sitting. It was so easy that from then onward I didn't bother to hold it at all, I just released trickles and spurts into my knickers, which were already soaked anyway. I loved the feeling of cruising down the autoroute playing on my Game Boy whilst letting out yet another warm flood. In fact I still have to remind myself not to automatically wet the seat when I am being driven on a long journey!

"By the time we stopped for lunch all three of us had all done a wee in our seats so Mummy handed out fresh knickers for us to change into in the car before we went into the restaurant. All the wet things just went into a plastic container in the boot.

"When we came out she put fresh towels on our seats and Daddy took over the driving. We'd all used the loo in the restaurant so we stayed dry for some time but it was a long afternoon and one by one each of us wet ourselves, including Mummy. She said she did it to save time but I think she just wanted to give it a try herself.

We had been careful to keep our dresses clear and when we walked in to our night-stop hotel near Dijon there was nothing to see. Then showers, a nice meal and a good night's sleep.

"The second day followed the same pattern and with an early start from Dijon we were at the villa by five o'clock in the afternoon.

"Nowadays we usually fly down to Italy so the long car trips have ended but, as you know, we do have towels in the Fiat runabout because its not always easy to find a nice loo when we are out so we often wet our knickers instead. Also the villa's grounds are extensive and surrounded by farmland so we are completely private. We spend most of our time outside and never really bother to go indoors for a wee...."

Amanda stood up suddenly. "Sorry to interrupt the story but I can't wait!" Her legs were pressed together. She paused and tensed for a moment before taking a couple of steps towards the bathroom.

Then she peed on the floor.

"Oh Val, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to!" she gasped, standing immobile whilst the uncontrolled cascade between her legs splashed on to the marble between her shiny high heeled shoes. Once she had regained control she ran to the bathroom, leaving a trail of droplets as she went. I fetched a towel and dropped it over the flood.

"Amanda's not the only one who's left it rather late" said Valerie. She hurried over to the French windows, stepped on to the balcony, gathered up her dress and squatted down. There was a hissing sound as a patch of wetness spread across her blue panties and a puddle formed and expanded across the balcony floor a few inches beneath her.

She stayed on her haunches holding her dress clear until the flow finally ended. Then she stood up and walked back inside to make sure that Amanda was OK, a second trail of droplets marking her passage.

With the bathroom occupied, I walked out on to the balcony, unzipped and pissed into the corner. Jack and Callum followed suit.

At the other end of the balcony, away from the light that spilled out from the interior of the flat, Emily was standing quietly looking out across the grey moonlit Thames towards the lights twinkling on the south bank. A splashing sound in the darkness suggested that admiring the view was not the only thing she was doing and that beneath the black chiffon a third pair of panties were getting a thorough soaking.

With thanks to Mikey Mike for suggesting this story

