Holding In The Car

Author: omogurlcc

*000*2022-03-17 04:25

Characters (by age):

Josiah

Charmaine

Joshua

Leyla

Aiden

LAYOUT:

Leyla Josiah (driver)

Joshua Charmaine

Aiden

STORY

Joshua: Umm… Gor? How much longer until we reach the next petrol station?

[Leyla and Char glance at phones]

Char: Google maps says… the next petrol station should be coming up in… about one more hour?

Leyla: But… There's a MASSIVE traffic jam somewhere up front…

Josiah: Maybe about two and a half hours then?

Joshua: (whispers) Ley! Hey! Can you come behind?

Leyla: (whispers) Okay

Leyla: Hey Jie! Wanna swap places for a bit? I’m kinda cold in front of the air conditioning.

Char: Sure! No prob!

[Leyla and Charmaine swap places at next traffic light]

[Joshua crosses legs]

Leyla: (whispers) So… What’s up?

Joshua: (whispers) I didn’t really want to tell the others, but I think the soda from this morning is getting to me…

Leyla: (whispers) Huh??? What competition???

Joshua: (whispers) Um… The one that… Gor and Aiden and I had… While you and Jie were figuring out the route…?? I kind of drank like, 2 litres of water and kind of need to.. *ahem* pee…

Leyla: (whispers) Try to hold it for a bit, ok?

[Joshua nods]

{After 30 minutes}

Joshua: (whispers) Leyla… The urge is getting stronger…

Leyla: (whispers) Just a while more…

Joshua: (whispers) I’m not sure if I can make it…

[Joshua presses crotch lightly and crosses legs tighter]

[Charmaine notices]

Charmaine: Hey, Joshua, you ok?

[Aiden pops up from behind]

Aiden : Ooh! He needs to pee! Remember our trip to the waterfall last time? The water went shhhshshshhhhhhh and it was SOOO majestic! Maybe next time we can go camping next to a river or something… I LOVE the sound of running water, especially in a river! It’s so calming! Listen!

[Aiden plays water soundtrack on phone]

[Joshua squirms]

[Leyla turns around and turns off soundtrack]

Josiah: Stop it Aiden! Joshua, just try and hold for a bit more, ok?

[Joshua nods weakly]

Joshua: Um… I’ll try…

{30 minutes later}

Joshua: (whispers) LEYLA!

[Leyla pulls off headphones]

Leyla: (whispers) Hmm?

Joshua: (whispers) I just… um… accidentally... um… leaked… a lot… my underwear’s kind of soaked… Is it showing?

[Leyla glances]

Leyla: (whispers)Hm… not really, it’s really light…

Leyla: Hey Jie! How much longer?

Charmaine: Umm… Let’s see… Due to the traffic jam… I’m estimating 1 hour and 10 to 30 minutes?

Leyla: (whispers) Can you do it?

Joshua: (whispers) I’ll try…

{Nearing traffic light}

Josiah: Guh! I’ve got a big bladder, but it’s starting to fill up pretty quickly…

Charmaine: Ok, come on, I’ll drive. Let’s swap seats at the next traffic light.

Josiah: *sighs* Ok. Thanks sis

{At next traffic light}

{Josiah and Charmaine swap seats}

{Josiah crosses legs tightly and grinds crotch against seat}

[Aiden is asleep]

[Small patch appears on Joshua’s shorts]

Joshua: Shit shit shit!!! I’m leaking!!!

Leyla: Control yourself!

Joshua: *whimpers* O…Ok…

[Josiah fidgets]

Josiah: Oh god… This waistband is so damn irritating… How do I push it dow– Oh finally!

[Joshua and Josiah holding anxiously]

{Pulling up at petrol station after a long time}

Joshua: FINALLY!

[Charmaine parks car and steps out to talk to gas station attendant]

[Josiah sprints to get keys for WC]

[Joshua and Leyla wait outside WC]

[Joshua, Leyla and Josiah slip in quietly]

Josiah: Ok, I’ll face the door. You go first, bro.

[Seeing that if Joshua loosens his grip, he might just let go, Leyla helps Joshua unzip his pants and pull his underwear down]

[Joshua aims]

Joshua: Oh god… I'm literally bursting and I can’t let go… I’m too tense and I have an erection… Shit shit shit shit…

Leyla: Just relax… Chill…

[A few drops leak]

[Leyla rubs Joshua’s back]

Leyla: It’s ok…

[Slowly but surely, Joshua lets loose]

Joshua: Oh my god… Ah….

{After two minutes}

Joshua: Finally… It feels so good…

[Joshua zips up]

Joshua: Ok Gor, you can go now.

[Josiah turns around]

Josiah: Oh god it’s so hard to hear all that and hold…

[Josiah unzips with one hand and holds with other]

[Joshua faces door]

[Leyla faces wall]

Josiah: Uh… I’m too tense too…

Leyla: It’s ok… Just relax…

[Leyla rubs Josiah's arm]

Josiah: Um.. uhr… Oh dammit!

[Josiah’s stream shoots out harshly and suddenly]

[Josiah sighs in relief]

Josiah: Oh… OHH… Yes…

[Josiah finishes up and zips up]

Josiah: Alright, let’s go

[Joshua peeps through slits]

Joshua: All clear

[The three discreetly open door and return to car]

[Charmaine waiting in car]

[Aiden is fast asleep]

[Charmaine sees boy’s relieved faces]

Charmaine: Feel better?

[Josiah and Joshua nod]

Joshua: You have no idea…

[Leyla and Charmaine chuckle]

Leyla: Well, DON’T go and compete over who can drink the most again just before a ROAD TRIP next time, ok? SO stupid…

[Leyla shakes head]

[Josiah and Joshua nod]

Spoiler

Spoiler

