A Night to Remember – Emma Pt 2

Author: Olfa

*000*2024-11-29 11:37

Emma had thoroughly cleaned her apartment that morning, making sure no trace of last night's incident remained. Yet, the memories weren’t as easy to erase. Every time she passed the spot where it had happened, a warm blush crept across her face, and a mix of embarrassment and excitement settled in her chest.

Why can’t I stop thinking about it? she wondered as she tried to distract herself with mundane tasks. But no matter how many times she told herself it was just an accident, something about the relief, the total surrender, kept replaying in her mind.

That evening, after dinner, she decided to relax on the couch with a movie and a cup of tea. Without realizing it, she refilled her mug several times, and the discomfort in her abdomen quickly became noticeable. She glanced toward the bathroom, just a few steps away, but something inside her stopped her from getting up.

The memory of the previous night rushed back, and before she could stop herself, a thought crossed her mind: What if I just let it happen again?

Her heart raced as she sat there, legs crossed and body tense. She could get up and go to the bathroom anytime, but the idea of reliving that moment kept her rooted in place. Slowly, she let her body relax just a little, and then it happened.

The first drop escaped—warm and barely noticeable, but enough to send a shiver down her spine. Emma bit her lip, her hands resting on her lap as her mind wavered between stopping and continuing. Curiosity won out.

Another drop followed, then a small trickle that dampened the fabric of her underwear. Each new leak spread the warmth further, a comforting contrast to the pressure she had endured moments before. Emma gasped softly, her body trembling as she surrendered completely.

The flow became steady, a warm river cascading down her skin and soaking her clothes. The sound of liquid saturating the fabric and pooling on the couch filled the silence of the room. Emma closed her eyes, allowing herself to fully embrace the sensation. The relief was indescribable, accompanied by a tingling that coursed through her entire body.

She could feel the heat enveloping her, trickling down her thighs and gathering beneath her. Her hands gripped the couch slightly, her breath hitching as she savored every second, every drop escaping without restraint.

When it was finally over, she opened her eyes slowly and looked down. The damp stain on the couch and the glistening puddle beneath her were undeniable proof of what she had just done. But there was no regret on her face, only a mix of awe and satisfaction.

“That was... incredible,” she murmured, smiling as she carefully stood up to avoid making the mess worse.

Emma grabbed a towel to clean up, but she couldn’t stop thinking about how the experience had made her feel. It wasn’t just relief—it was something deeper, more intimate. As she headed to the bathroom to finish cleaning herself up, she knew this night wouldn’t be easy to forget.

