Guy Best Friend Desperate to Pee

Author: OmoBabe56

*000*2022-03-31 01:14

One Shot -This one shot is going to be based on one of my own fantasies. Let me know if you want to hear stories involving more of my fantasies as well!

Characters: Cassandra/Cass (representing me, pronouns she/her), Aidan (a friend of Cass, omo situation happens to him, pronouns he/him), Jayden (Jay, best friend of Cass, side character, pronouns he/him). There ages are around 19-21. Cass’ personality is meant to represent mine, although not my current situation or family dynamic, which i don’t typically see in omo stories, so sorry if it’s a bit different.

I’ll let you picture the characters’ physical descriptions however you’d like, as that’s what I prefer to do when reading!

… Although I will add that Aidan is around 5’10-6ft, and Cass is 5’7-5’8

###

*Phone ringing*

Cassandra had just finished getting ready for the day, and went back to her room to answer her phone. It was her friend Aidan. They’d been friends for a little less than a couple years, and they hadn’t seen each other for about two months.

“Hey!” Cass answered cheerfully.

“Hey, Cass! I was wondering if you wanted to hang out today? I haven’t seen you in forever,” he chuckled a bit nervously.

“Oh, definitely! I actually have some errands to run today though, and I have to go over to the apartment complex to check one of the units that someone just moved out of. Would you want to come along?”

“Oh, yeah sure.”

“Okay, I’ll pick you up in ten.” She hung up and grabbed her things to leave.

Aidan didn’t live very far from her house, so she got there in no time. And in true Aidan fashion, he was waiting for her on the front step and gave an awkward smile as he stood up and walked to Cass’ truck.

“Hey,” he said as he struggled a bit to climb up in the truck, “Did you raise the lift on this? I swear it wasn’t this high the last time I rode in here!” He chuckled.

Cass let out a laugh, “No, your just getting shorter,” she snorted. There was a pause of silence as they looked at each other, which was immediately followed by laughter from the both of them.

“That will never get old,” Aidan said out of breath.

“Never,” Cass agreed,” Hey, do you want to get Dunkin’? I need food.”

“Of course you do,” Aidan chuckled, ”I’m down though, I’m parched.”

They went to Dunkin’ and ordered some breakfast. Cass got a Strawberry frosted donut and a small peach passion fruit refresher, while Aidan got a glazed donut and a large iced latte.

They ran a couple errands over the next two hours and soon it was lunch time.

“Hey I’m gonna stop and get diesel before we get lunch, my tank is at less than a quarter.” Cass announced.

“Okay.” Aidan agreed seemingly without an issue.

Cassandra drove to the gas station and went inside to pay. While she was in there, she decided to use the bathroom.

After about five minutes, she came back out to the truck, and began filling the tank. She looked in the truck where Aidan was sitting. She noted that he hadn’t seemed to notice that she was back, and he seemed a bit restless, although that was pretty typical for him.

“Hey!” she tapped on the window.

“Jesus!” Aidan jumped a bit startled, “You scared the shit out of me!” They both laughed.

After the tank was full, Cassandra got back in the car and they headed to get lunch.

“You feeling anything in particular for lunch?” Cassandra asked, already knowing the answer to the question.

“Oh, I don’t know. You pick.” Of course.

“Chick-fil-a sound good?” she suggested when she saw the sign up ahead.

“Yeah.”

They both ordered meals, Cassandra a medium, Aidan a large.

After they ate, they went to pick up Cassandra’s niece from Cass’ aunt, and drop her off at her other aunt’s house. In total, that took about an hour.

When she got back in the truck, Cassandra noticed Aidan shifting around uncomfortably. She had a theory of what was wrong, but she didn’t dare to ask him unless he brought it up.

The thing about Aidan, was that he was really shy. Especially when it came to something as private, as personal as needing the bathroom.

“Hey, I have to run to Academy real quick before we head over to the complex. Jay asked me to look at ammo for him.” She hoped this would give him the opportunity to step away for a moment to… take care of things.

“Okay.” he replied shortly.

They arrived at Academy within a few minutes. Once inside, Cassandra called her best friend, Jayden, to ask him about what kind of ammo he needed.

“What do you want, ya heifer?” Jayden answered in the most hick accent anyone could imagine.

“Hahaha, you know, that’s sooo much funnier than the first three hundred times you’ve called me that.” she replied sarcastically.

“C’mon Cass, you know I’m just teasing you.”

“I’m very aware, Jay. I’m at Academy, what kind of ammo were you wanting me to look at?” Jay quickly explained what he needed.

“Hey, my mom’s calling me. Text me if you find it!”

“See ya, stupid.” she replied with love. As she turned to looked back at Aidan, she noticed he was still there. He was shuffling back and forth awkwardly, red faced, with his thighs glued together. Almost as if on cue, he let out a small huff and bent over at the waist.

“Are you okay?” Cassandra questioned sympathetically.

He quickly straightened up, and looked pretty embarrassed.

“Oh, um- yeah. I’m gonna run to the bathroom real quick. I’ll be right back.” he immediately hurried off towards the back of the store where the bathrooms were located. She quickly found what she was looking for and went to check out.

Cassandra was glad he finally got a chance to go, although she did find that sight of him desperately wiggling around quite arousing.

However, after no more than a minute, Aidan appeared again looking extremely worried, almost as if he was going to cry.

“Hey, what’s wrong?” she asked him concerned.

“I- um,” he swallowed nervously. He was shaking with his hands tightly squeezing his hips. In almost a whisper, he managed, “the, um- the bathrooms were closed.” He wouldn’t look her in the eye.

“Oh, okay,” she replied. She felt pretty bad about his predicament. “Well, I’m done here, so we can leave now.”

“Okay.” He choked out, only looking slightly relieved.

They went outside and got into Cass’ truck.

“Do you want me to stop somewhere?” She asked. He shook his head and said to just head over to the pick-up area. It was only a ten minute bus ride from there, and he assured her he could wait.

Cassandra’s parents owned a small building of apartments in a neighborhood right outside of town. There was a bit of a strange way of getting to the neighborhood. They would have to drive to a parking area, where they would wait for a bus to pick them up and take them to the neighborhood.

It was a short drive to the parking area, and they arrived there within minutes.

“Fuck.” Aidan exclaimed softly as they parked.

“What’s wrong?”

“I really need to go to the bathroom.” he shifted uncomfortably. Cassandra gave a sympathetic smile. She was worried for him. He must be seriously desperate for him to be this open to her.

As they climbed out of the truck, she heard painful whimpers and a mumbled shit. She walked around to the other side of the truck to find him bent over at the waist with his hands. She walked over and bent down next to him.

“Hey, it’s gonna be okay.” she said encouragingly. They walked over to the bench at the bus stop and Aidan immediately sat down and burried his face in his hands.

“Fuck, Cass. I’m so sorry,” he choked out, “this is so embarrassing. I have to pee so bad.”

Cassandra’s heart sank for him. She scooted next to him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders.

###

I kind of lost motivation to finish this one, and it feels a bit like i’m mashing take senerios together. i still figured i’d post what i have! i’ll put a part two in a comment below if i figure out what i want to do with this one.

*003*2022-04-03 02:15

{{On 3/31/2022 at 9:01 PM, Alex62 said:

This is great just wish it was not in black on black so it’s easier to read

}}

I didn’t realize it was black on black. the text shows up as white for me

