Desperation and Malice (BotW Zelda)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2019-10-02 18:05

(Heads up: English isn't my first language. Please excuse any grammatical errors you may find in this story.)

$$

Footsteps could be heard inside a cave. This cave was being explored by the princess of Hyrule....Zelda. Zelda was sitting on the back of a giant ox with a torch in one of her hands. In front of her was her appointed knight,Link. He was walking on foot and he was also holding a torch. Right now,The two hylians we're making their way through a cave. With the only sources of light being their torches and the crystals on the wall. Zelda looked at the floor and saw some magenta smoke on the ground. This smoke was known as "Malice" and the source of it was located inside this cave. A lot of malice has been appearing from the ground lately. So Zelda and Link decided to explore the cave in order to find the source.

Zelda had an uncomfortable look on her face. The cave was a bit ominous,but that's not what made her uncomfortable. She neglected to use a ladies room before leaving and she was now starting to regret it. She couldn't really cross her legs to ease the pressure and she had both of her hands full right now.

"Ah...." She heard a voice up ahead.

Zelda stared at Link,who was looking around. His eyes seemed to be locked on the small green aura that was floating around. The Aura seemed the spell something out,But Zelda couldn't make out what.

"I think we might be close..." Zelda said as she kept staring at the aura. Until her bladder urged her to keep moving.

"Come on,Let's continue...." Zelda said. The ox started moving again while Link nodded. Zelda looked around the cave and saw all the glowing crystals that were stuck on the walls. It was a pretty sight,But not enough to keep Zelda completely distracted from her need to pee. After a while,The Princess and her knight reached a bridge. By this point,Zelda was shaking her legs. If it weren't for the fact that she was on the back of an ox,she would be crossing her legs right now. Zelda looked at the walls while the ox slowly crossed the bridge. The glowing ore on the wall was a very pretty sight,But Zelda could hear the sound of a waterfall while looking at them. Zelda looked below the bridge and saw a flowing river. The sight of this river caused Zelda to feel a stronger pressure in her bladder. The two hylians made it across the bridge and continued to follow the path ahead of them.

Zelda was still shaking her legs,but now she was doing it a bit faster. Despite the fact that she needed to pee pretty badly right now,she couldn't bring herself to ask link for a quick break. Just the thought of her doing so was felt embarrassing to her. Because she was distracted by her thoughts,she didn't notice Link stopping in front of a wall. Link turned around and cleared his throat. Immediately,Zelda snapped out of her thoughts and stopped shaking her legs.

"Y-Yes,Link?" Zelda asked. Link pointed at the wall he was staring at and brought his torch closer to it. Zelda decided to get off the ox in order to take a closer look. But upon landing,a wave of pressure went through Zelda's body. She quickly grabbed herself with her free hand and tried to keep her bladder from leaking.

"Hmm?" The noise link made immediately made her stand upright.

"Y-Yeah,I'm fine." Zelda said with a fake smile. Link stared at the princess for a few agonizing seconds and then looked back at the wall. Zelda slowly approached the wall. While doing so,she had one hand between her legs. She let go once she was in Link's sight. She moved the torch closer to the wall so that she could see the drawings more clearly. She had some trouble focusing on the drawings due to her bladder pressuring her. After a few seconds,She managed to make out what was on the wall.

"It seems to be a drawing of Ganon." Zelda told Link. She then walked back to her Ox. She stood still for a few seconds with her legs crossed. She turned around and quickly uncrossed them when she saw Link staring at her.

"D-Don't worry. Everything is fine. Let's continue. We're getting close!" Zelda said while trying to hide her desperation. Link held her torch for her while she got back on the Ox's back. The two continued following the path up ahead.

There weren't any clues or obstacles for the remainder of the walk. Despite this,Zelda was looking around with concern. Her bladder was very full right now and she was beginning to doubt she could hold it in until they reached their destination. The ox stopped moving,snapping Zelda out of her thoughts. Zelda looked around and the first think that appeared in her line of sight was a flowing river. Zelda looked away from the river. As it was only causing her bladder to pressure her more. She instead locked her eyes on Link,who was standing there with one hand on the hilt of his sword.

"Link?" Zelda asked. She got off the Ox again and tried to ignore the powerful twinge she felt upon landing.

"Link,What's the matter?" Zelda asked as she approached Link. It didn't take long for Zelda to figure out why the stopped. She saw a bunch of Malice flowing towards her and Link. A pair of Cursed Bokoblins emerged out of the Malice and floated towards Link. Zelda let out a gasp,While Link struck one of the Bokoblins with his torch. The torch broke and the Bokoblin exploded into a puff of purple smoke. Link then unsheathed his sword and attacked the other Bokoblin. More cursed Bokoblins emerged from the Malice. Zelda backed away from Link and hid behind her Ox. Two Bokoblins floated towards Link and tried to strike him. Link backflipped away from them and then struck both of them down with a Spin attack. Link stopped spinning and started at another incoming Bokoblin. Link leaped towards the Bokoblin and destroyed it with a downward swing of his sword.

Zelda watched in awe as Link fought against the Cursed Bokoblins that continued to emerge from the Malice. Her attention was quickly pulled away from Link however,as she felt another surge going through her bladder. She looked around while shifting her weight from foot to another. She was very close to her limit now and the river that was next to her only made it more difficult for her to hold it in.

Zelda frantically looked around until a Cursed Bokoblin appeared right in her face. Zelda let out a scream and took a few steps back. The scare caused a spurt of urine to escape from her bladder. Zelda quickly used her free hand to prevent anymore spurts. She then looked at the The Bokoblin and saw more of them floating behind it. Zelda closed her eyes and braced herself for the attack.

But then she heard the sound of an impact. She opened one of her eyes and saw Link slashing the Bokoblins that were right in front of her. One of the Bokoblins dived towards him,But link ducked under it and finished off all the Bokoblins by performing a spin attack. Zelda opened both of her eyes and looked around. There weren't any more cursed Bokoblins in sight and the Malice that they emerged from them also disappeared. Zelda looked back at Link with a smile.

"Link....i-" She stopped mid-sentence when she felt another spurt escaped from her bladder.

"Ahh!" Zelda crossed her legs and hunched over. Her eyes widened and her cheeks turned red when she realized she did that in front of Link. Link took a few steps towards Zelda with a concerned look on his face.

"I...I'm...." Zelda looked around with a distressed look on her face. She couldn't hide it anymore.

"P-please hold this..." Zelda said as she handed her torch over to Link. Link stared at the torch in confusion and then back at Zelda,who was running towards a boulder.

"Please stay right there!" Zelda said as she kept running. She hid behind the boulder and frantically looked around. The fact that she was doing this embarrassed her,but she didn't have a choice. It was either here,or in her pants.

Zelda pulled down her pants and panties,Exposing her butt for everyone to see. Luckily,there were no monster there to see her,at least she hoped so. She squatted down and looked around while breathing heavily. After a few seconds,a stream of pee jetted out of her womanhood. Zelda let out a loud moan while her stream splattered against the ground and darkened it. Zelda let out a relaxed sigh as the stream continued and created a puddle on the darkened ground.

Meanwhile,Link was staring at the boulder she hid behind. He couldn't hear the stream,but he could hear the noises that Zelda was making while peeing. He blushed and turned around,Waiting for Zelda to be done with her business. Zelda steadied her breathing as her stream continued. Zelda then looked at the boulder while her cheeks slowly turned red. Link may not be able to see her,but she was sure he could hear the embarrassing noises she just made. Zelda just covered her face and waited for her bladder to be completely emptied. After what felt like a full minute,her stream stopped. She got up and pulled her pants and panties back up. She winced as she could feel her wet panties against her womanhood. She walked away from the building and slowly approached Link,who was facing away from her.

"Link....I'm sorry..."

Link turned around and saw Zelda standing there. Her face was red and she wasn't staring at him directly.

"I....should've used the ladies room before we left." Zelda said. Link slowly approached the princess and placed a hand on her shoulder.

Zelda looked him in the eyes. He smiled at her and gave her an understanding not. Zelda stared back at him with a surprised look on her face. Surprised that he wasn't ashamed of her.

"You're....Not disgusted?" Zelda asked. Link shook his head and let go of Zelda. The surprised look was still on Zelda's face,but it slowly turned into a smile. The two stared at each other for a few seconds until they noticed the green aura floating around them. Zelda turned around and saw more of that aura flowing towards her and link. It was the same aura as before,but now there was more.

"I think we're very close. Let's continue." Zelda said. Link nodded and started walking. Zelda walked up to her Ox and got on it's back. The ox then started moving and following Link again. Zelda stared at Link with a smile on her face as they got closer and closer to the source of all that aura.

*002*2019-10-03 20:29

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a wonderful read

}}

Thanks.

