Ada Wong: Desperation, Fear Wetting, and Relief

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-07-14 19:51

Beginning Note: This fic is based off the RE2 remake, apologies to the hardcore/original fans, and also contains some heavy spoilers from the first and this game. You’re all probably aware of them already just wanted to add a warning anyway. It’s also my first so please be merciful, and feel free to offer any criticism and ideas for improvement.

“Damn that Leon.” Ada Wong uttered in slight annoyance as she trekked the sewers. She was a somewhat tall, and certainly curvy 24 year old Chinese woman, with short hair styled in a bob, a gaze that was harsh and cold, but also alluring, and a red Chinese dress clad-figure to make both men and women collapse with pleasurable aches in their groins.

Ada herself was feeling one, although not completely out of arousal (she wasn’t aware but that would soon change). The mission should have been simple; find Anette Birkin, secure the G Virus, and be on her merry way. But someone in her line of work knew it was never that simple.

Instead she had been faced with multiple complications.

First she had run into the naive but hopeful rookie Leon Kennedy, watching him struggle to fight off a zombified Doberman . Her boss, Albert Wesker, had he been watching would have ordered her to leave the rookie to his fate, but Ada felt compelled to whip out her Mauser HSc pistol and save him from being mauled.

After that exchange, she left to find and interview Ben Bertulocci to gain information only to see his absolutely pulverized brain matter and bits of skull redecorate his jail cell, courtesy of the Tyrant. To make matters worse, she had run into Leon again.

‘What the hell is he still doing here? I gave him a chance to leave and the idiot stuck around. He’s going to get himself killed at this rate!’ the spy internally fumed. Sure she was a bioterrorist who was temporarily working for a mastermind traitor with a god complex, but she still had standards.

Eventually Ada had crossed paths with Leon once more and had crashed a car into a Tyrant, then set off the C4 wired in the truck. Probably didn’t finish the job, but it was worth a shot.

They had eventually agreed to team up and had made their way into the sewers, and that’s when the trouble really started to spiral.

Ada had finally caught Annette Birkin, but the bitch was trickier than she had given her credit for. The scientist had pulled a Glock 18 and fired, managing to hit Leon in the shoulder. She retaliated with shots from her Mauser HSc but had unfortunately missed. First priority, save Leon. He wasn’t in mortal danger, but he needed medical care. She had begun sealing Leon’s shoulder wound with a first-aid spray when all of a sudden a slight but noticeable twinge was felt in her bladder.

“Shit, not right now!!” Ada cursed in annoyance and embarrassment. She was a mature and accomplished spy who had beaten the odds of many perils, not a school girl who pissed herself in the face of danger. She could just urinate right then and there, especially considering the fact that they were in a sewer and Leon was unconscious, but taking the time to remove her black satin panties and squatting put herself in a vulnerable position, something she couldn’t afford. The T Virus weapons could easily box her in, which would result in a pointless and undignified death.

Her only options were to hold it for the entirety of her mission, which was guaranteed to be impossible, or wet herself on purpose. She would try the former, but resigned herself to the latter. Ada had finished bandaging up Leon’s gunshot wound, then slipped off her beige trenchcoat and buttoned it onto Leon’s sleeping form. Clad in her short, thin strapped, and backless red dress, she mentally wished she could keep it to soak up remnants of her future accident if needed but knew Leon’s safety was more important.

“Let’s get this over with.” she groaned as pressure began to build in her lower systems. Dealing with this new issue had made her mission twice as difficult, normally the spy was quite the athlete who could dodge and flip kick her assailants with ease, and crawling in small spaces was an insignificant issue. Now however, such complex maneuvers were much more difficult. Her groin pulsed in desperation whenever she sprinted or stretched her legs upward for a kick, and her bladder felt especially stressed whenever she clung to the ground to crawl under tight spaces.

It wasn’t all bad news though. Most of the bioweapons she had encountered were typical T virus infected humans, slow and stupid meatshields once you knew how to deal with them, which she certainly did, and her progress hand’t been hindered much, if it all. Unfortunately, that was beginning to change. All the discomfort and struggles from holding her urine in had caused Ada to feel waves of anxiety and stress, which just led to more sensations of desperation in her body. Tears began to cloud her eyes as she mentally cried in frustration and rubbed her thighs together, grasping on to any distraction she could.

Her body was starting to heavily perspire, forming a sheen of sweat to form on her forehead, armpits, large breasts, toned abdominal region, beautiful thighs, and pouty genitals. This dire need and distraction began to cloud her mind and distract her, which she did not need. A very small but sudden spurt came out, causing Ada to yelp in surprise and immediately grab her crotch. She soothed and carressed her groin with nimble fingers and suddenly experienced a strange feeling: arousal.

‘What the hell, my mind is surely playing tricks on me, right? This feeling, it’s just a strange reaction since my body is not feeling well right now.’ the spy tried, and failed to convince herself. Sure, her body and mind weren’t exactly in peak performance due to her need to relieve herself, but she wasn’t at all physically or mentally ill whatsoever. No, it was clear as day: bioterrorist Ada Wong was turned on by holding her urine in and wanting to let it all go.

Of course the sexy woman was no stranger to sex (duh); it wasn’t often but she had seduced and fucked men and even a couple of women, however it was just for the sake of whatever mission at hand or casual fun. Even with sessions with her boss Albert Wesker, the closest she ever had to being in a relationship (and even that was rather disant), was just mind blowing stress relief. Of course this was new to her, without a true romantic partner or downtime to explore herself, she simply never had the opportunity to discover her personal kinks and pleasures.

As if that wasn’t enough confirmation, another more sticky and viscous liquid clung to Ada’s black lacy panties and her nipples were diamond hard pebbles, which sealed the deal. While definitely weirded out by this bizarre discovery, there was also relief in that this didn’t have to be a completely negative experience. If anything, her frustration and anxiety had been replaced by excitement and even ecstasy. She was now looking forward to pissing herself, the feeling was guaranteed to be orgasmic.

Unfortunately, wishes do come true more often than we think, just in ways we didn’t expect or particularly want. In Ada’s case, it was in the form of a Licker. The behemoth was a large and muscular abomination with claws, fangs, and an extremely lengthy tongue which was powerful to shatter and even amputate body parts. This monster was a disturbing combination that was neither human or animal, and worst of all it was facing her direction.

Ada Wong froze up in terror at the sight, knowing quite well just how much danger she was in and was scared stiff. While it was blind, it had an excellent sense of hearing and smell. A lesser person would have emptied their bladder right then and there but only a couple more spurts dampened Ada’s lacie unmentionables. With a couple of breathers and quick steps, she managed to get right close to her target, then whipped out her Mauser pistol and emptied the whole mag into the Licker’s exposed brain. She struck it hard in the face with a vicious kick for good measure, feeling the monster’s skull fracture. That last stretch of her leg and the previously mentioned fear were the final keys to unlocking her bliss.

Hot urine began to rapidly pour out of her bladder, into her urethra, and exited her genitals with an audible hiss that splashed against the metal grates, causing Ada to moan in both pleasure and relief. The waterfall lasted for almost a good minute before slowing down in waves and short spurts, then finally ending with some piddles and droplets. As she predicted, it was one of the greatest feelings that she ever experienced in her life.

Unfortunately there were some complications. Her panties, stockings, and the bottom portion of her dress were saturated in hot piss. She made sure to climb onto a structure none of the bioweapons could crawl onto and took the time to remove her panties and stockings. First the stockings were removed completely, and were used to wipe herself as best as she could. She noticed in amusement stubborn piss droplets clung onto her pussy lips and thick black bush. Once this was done they were discarded. Next the spy wringed her panties as best as she could before slipping them back on once again.

While the wetness and damp clothes originally had a warmth that was both pleasurable, the liquid had eventually become cold and felt rather uncomfortable, she noticed. While the aftermath was messier than she had preferred, Ada was rather pleased that the feeling of release was more than worth it. Combined with nudity and a controlled environment such as a shower, bath, container, or body of water, pissing herself would be quite the recurring sexual activity.

*Couple of hours later*

“Fuck, Leon thank god you’re here.” Ada gasped in pain as she saw the silver haired pretty boy rookie come in view. “Ada, are you alright, what the hell happened?” Leon replied. Then he noticed the small piece of rebar impaling and marring her otherwise perfect thigh. “Shit I’m sorry. I got herbs and bandages, it won’t be as helpful as the spray you gave me but it’s all I have on me right now.”

“That’s quite alright, just apply it. Anette really got us both.” she laughed humorlessly. Leon was so distracted he missed the wet patch adorning Ada’s dress, or her missing stockings.

“There you go, up and easy.”

“Thank you Leon, you’ve been a great help, although still quite the rookie.” she teased, then hissed in pain as she stood up. “Do you need me to carry you?”

“No Leon baby, I’m fine but thanks for the suggestion.” she hurriedly assured. While the experience was certainly pleasurable for herself, she didn’t feel ready to share it with anyone else yet. Leon was such a pure and endearingly dorky guy, he probably would be disgusted by her habits.

However, Ada quickly changed her mind when she noticed in the corner of her eye that Leon was trying to and failing rather spectacularly to peek at her urine soaked dress. Of course he was also checking out her other areas such as her tits, ass, and legs but she could tell they weren't the only things on his mind. She wouldn’t bring it up quite yet, but eventually, eventually they would make love to each other, complete with hot showers.

Ending Note: Alright, that’s it! The first Ada Wong omorashi fanfiction (at least I know of). The only reason why I wrote this was because there weren’t any others, although now I’m actually glad that’s how things worked out, I had a lot of fun writing this, from both a writer’s and turned on perspective, and now I might actually put my profile to good use. I hope this fic will result in better and more experienced writers creating their own Ada wettings, but I’m still quite pleased with the results. I’ll probably make some more sequels, but they won’t be immediately after this event. Instead the second will be Ada making a doctor’s visit to better understand her new habit in preparation for next time, and the third will be her and Leon finally romancing each other. Take care everyone!

