Short Story - Stuck in Public

Author: omoEnthusiast1

*000*2022-05-08 08:51

My 5th writing, like my 4th (linked here

), happens in no particular order in the context of my other stories, besides the first two. Here, Mali finds herself stranded in a city environment without access to a restroom anywhere with no way home for quite some time. How will she resolve?...Enjoy!

___

Mali [F] - 19 y/o, developing a love to be the subject of an omo scenario, but has only had such experiences in private thus far.

Yuta [M] - 20 y/o, Mali's bf, wishes to see Mali be the subject of more omo scenarios.

###

Prologue (Recap): Mali's awakening began with her boyfriend, Yuta, playing a game of restraint with it resulting in Mali soiling herself right in front of her own toilet, to her surprise, she liked. Another time, Mali took a whole lonesome day to herself to see how long her bladder would last, and after nearly 7 challenging yet arousing hours, left a spotty, messy trail all the way from her carpeted room to the expanse of her bathroom floor in front of the toilet. Most recently, she was toyed with by Yuta on their drive home from a party, wetting herself and her car seat all the while. This time around Mali finds herself at the consequence of forgetfulness, business, and incompetence at her own expense out in public. With her bladder getting more and more full, she has to figure out how she'll improvise her way out of this situation, or she'll be subject to omo and humiliation.

###

It's a fair late summer day; sunny, about room temperature outdoors, and Mali is at work. She serves as a cashier to a busy summer food stand located on a peer neighboring the town she lives in. She wears an employee T-shirt and dirt-brown colored office pants that wrap around her legs tightly. On this particular day she had the closing shift with a partner of hers. Where she lived, the temperature rapidly dropped when the sun set, so the majority of people around this peer didn't even come around often around closing time, approximately 7:30 pm. The stand lost very little business that way and its employees never worked late hours, it was a win for everyone.

Mali ran her shift, drinking occasionally but not stopping for bathroom breaks. Neither her need to use one nor her desire for omo action trumped the other, so she decided to stay neutral for the occasion. Unfortunately for her, the stars were already aligned for mishap. 2 days prior, her car refused to start up, and neither she nor Yuta knew why. They would have a mechanic come look at it, but that appointment wasn't until tomorrow. Her only choice was to go by bus to and from work, about a 20 minute drive start to end both ways.

The stand was serving some final few customers right around 7:30 before Mali and her coworker would clean up and lock up shop. They did, and these two went their separate ways once they got off the peer. Mali secretly felt a little unrest in her bladder approaching the end of her shift, now more than a little approaching the bench at her bus stop. The sun was setting at this time, and the sky lit up a hazy orange, the sun reflecting off the water the peer inhabited. As she sat down, she felt a tingle near her stomach, her filling bladder becoming increasingly un-ignorable. It was at this point Mali felt conflicted.

In her recent past she experienced the firsthand mistake of arriving home with a full bladder and no available toilet, something she enjoyed, but didn't exactly want. She preferred more controlled wettings, or simply the desperation aspect of bladder holding. She wasn't too keen of real accidents. Thinking of her current position, and of this preference, she told herself that it wasn't worth it today, that it'd be too risky to try and make it home at this rate. Her legs already were steadily bouncing trying to distract herself. She decided on trying to find a restroom.

She ruled out trying to use the bathroom found behind the kitchen of the food stand out on the peer - it could only be accessed from the inside by employees, and her coworker had the key, not her. Her only other choice was to find a place around the bus stop to ask for one. At this time, the street sidewalks were still fairly occupied with people - neither crowded nor isolated. She got up, walking cautiously with her legs close together to prevent herself from wanting to let go, also keeping her bladder secret to herself. Each storefront or bar she came across though had disclaimer signs placed on their windows reading "NO PUBLIC RESTROOM" or "NO DRINK, NO BATHROOM", likely due to tourism and business owners doing their best to make as much cash as they can. Mali wanted to avoid spending on anything if possible, so she continued onward. She walked impatiently for nearly two blocks when she finally found one without one of these signs.

She walked in, and kindly asked to use a bathroom. However, the lady at the counter said that she had to buy something first. Mali was perplexed, but soon realized that this store just didn't have such a sign explaining the lack of a public bathroom. She thought it was rather incompetent of the shopkeepers to not tell people this, but cut her losses and decided to purchase something. She picks out a small keychain near the counter and heads to checkout.

As the lady at the register reads out her total, Mali reaches into her handbag and pulls out her wallet. Searching through it, however, she struggled to find her credit card. She double checked, triple checked but found no trace of it. She didn't carry cash with her either, meaning she had no way to purchase this cheap keychain. She apologized and hurryingly walked herself out of the store. She felt at this time that it was just better to take a calculated risk and get home in time to relieve herself. The pressure on her crotch became great, and it wouldn't be long before she would struggle to keep her urethra shut. She turned the corner back in the direction of her bus stop. She looked onward, horrified at the sight of her bus pulling in front of the stop, two whole blocks away.

"Shit! Nonono wait!" she murmured. She tried to run but the jostling of her bladder didn't allow her to. She leaned forward to counteract her dicomfort, and managed a jog back in that direction. As she approached the first block she watched as the bus doors closed, letting on their last passengers. The bus picked up speed, and headed in the direction of Mali, on her side of the road. She waved her hands and even lightly jumped to get the driver's attention (which throttled her already weak bladder even further), but her efforts were futile as the driver plowed forward, leaving Mali in the dust, and in a bit of a panic.

Holy shit Ineedtopeesobad. Crapcrapcrap what do I do... she thought. She walked the rest of the block back to the bus stop bench, just so she could have a place to rest. Her knees rubbed together as she walked, giving her stride a slight stagger from side to side. Most people walked by not noticing, but one or two questioned themselves why this girl walked so strangely. Mali goes to sit down, slowly lowering herself to prevent any sudden pressure increase. Instead she endured a gradual pressure increase, similar to the first time she sat down, but now with much greater severity. She leaned back on the bench to allow her bladder all the space it needed. Once she had herself steady, she focused on figuring out how to get home.

"Yuta!" she muttered out loud. He was still at work, but would get out soon anyways. He was about another 20 minute drive away from where Mali worked, which served as her best option at this point as opposed to taking a near hour long walk home with a full bladder. Pulling out her phone, she dialed up his number.

Y: Hello?

M: Sighing Hi babe...I was wondering if you could come pick me up...

Y: Why? What about the bus?

M: Frantically I need to piss real badly so I went around looking for a bathroom but none were public and I couldn't buy anything and I missed the bus and... arghhh! Just get here quick!

Y: Alright, relax, I'll be out of here in five.

M: You better be! Hurry!

She hangs up. At this time it's nearing towards 8:00, and the sun has fully set. The night sky progressively becomes more blue-shifted, and dark. Street lights begin turning on, making the area around the bus stop feel all more city-like. Mali squirms in the bench comprehending what she's gotten herself into.

Oh my god there's no way I can make it she thought. There's actually no way I can do it. She twists her waist from side to side, unable to sit still. Her hands switch back and forth from gripping the bench and gripping her legs, in a useless attempt to calm herself. There weren't as many people wandering the sidewalks now, maybe one would pass her every 20 seconds, but each one of these passer-bys couldn't help but notice Mali's inability to be still. Some could even figure out that she was desperate. All of a sudden -

*fffshhhh*

Mali lets out several rapid, quiet gasps. She presses her hands into her crotch and feels as it grows in warmth and dampness. After a few moments a dark spot forms near the bottom of her crotch and just under her ass. Slowly, Mali moves her hands away and controls her breathing. She had to find someplace to go, someplace private, someplace that's not a bathroom or indoors. Mali makes an effort to stand up, and does. She feels warmth in her urethra but thankfully regains control and doesn't allow any more to spill out.

Her new dark spot is visible both in her front and back, but is concealed due to the lighting from street lamps above. She hikes herself up and moves along the sidewalk, looking with longing eyes someplace to let loose. She placed her hand bag in front of her crotch to avoid being spotted, and prayed that no one could see her behind that well. At this point in her desperation, she practically waddled forward step by step. As her damp spot cooled, her tolerance decreased further.

After what seemed like tens of minutes, Mali stumbles towards an alleyway between two buildings on the same block. The alley is nearly 6 feet wide, has few windows that lead into it, and contains no lights, only being illuminated by the street lights on both ends. There's large industrial air conditioners and trash cans strewn about the corridor, but no one to be found.

*drip...drip*

Ah!~ Guess this is it!

Mali places herself in a corner between a wall and one of the air conditioners, and rests her back against the brick wall. She hastily sets her handbag off to the side, and undoes the belt buckle and buttons to her pants. She loosens up her pants from her hips, tugging them down push by push at a time, until her butt and crotch are in open air. She slides down the wall with her back, and gets into position. Her bladder becomes frail, and in an instant come out quick spurts of pee. Also in an instant, Mali hears footsteps coming from the opposite end of the alley.

*psh. psshhhhh-* You gotta be fucking kidding me. A few small sprinkles coat the asphalt in front of her as the steps approach. She raises herself back up so she's standing on two feet, but bent over desperately pulling her pants back up. She's able to manage shoving her pants back up in front of her but isn't able to wrap them completely around her ass in the heat of the moment. The footsteps arrive in the form of a some big, heavy duty man going from place to place rather quickly. He only notices Mali once he crosses in front of the air conditioner unit, seeing her front side, unbuckled pants and hunched over. He doesn't know what to think of it, but pays no mind to it in the moment. All the while -

*dribble dribble dribble frrrrrrmmmshhhh* Mali in all her efforts can't resist the urge any longer and pees quietly into her half-on pants, looking only at the ground as the man passes, solid streaks forming all throughout her pantlegs. The man is only a few feet past her when warm drops start trickling out the bottom of her pantlegs, forming a puddle. The puddle begins coloring the bottom of her pants a dark brown, Mali's walking shoes too soaking up drops from her leakage.

Finally, the man begins to exit the alley, to which Mali shoves down her pants, nearly falls lowering herself down to the ground, spreading her legs and letting it all flow out.

*FSHHHHHHHHH* Mali's stream roars behind the mans ears and all around the alley, piss rocketing from her crotch and onto the opposite wall. A second puddle forms underneath, making a violent splashing noise both off the wall and while pitter-pattering onto the ground. Mali's pants drip from excess liquid gold that flooded them not two seconds earlier. She stares off at the incredible mess she's making, being too powerless now to do anything about controlling it.

She breathes heavily both out of tension and shock of what just happened as she finishes her release and watches as her stream diminishes to mere drops. Her puddle now stretched across the whole width of the alley, from the wall she splashed, through the bottom of her shoes, to right underneath her closely positioned, wet ass. Shamefully, she stands herself up, making small splashes as she steps in her lake. Having no other choice, she pulls her pants back up, tightly wrapping them around her ankles, legs, and butt, soaked and streaked with pee that came out as the man was passing by.

From here she would have to wait until Yuta arrives, knowing full-well she couldn't bear to step out in public as the shameful display she had become. Upon Yuta arriving nearly 15 minutes after her accident, Mali sprinted over from the opening of the alley, opening the car door and throwing herself inside, leaving several pee drops to mark the sidewalk. Jokes and omo talk would encompass the conversation between the two on their ride home that night.

___

Thanks for reading, or at least scrolling down! Hope you enjoyed the read. Feedback is always appreciated, so if you'd like please lmk what you thought about it! Also, I'm always open to suggestions, different ideas, and situations to put Mali or Yuta through, so if you have any good ideas that you want fleshed out, lmk as well. : )

