Internal Thoughts of a desperate wetting

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2025-07-10 09:10

Hi yall been a while since I been on here (I always say that) But I wanted to come back and write something- however I thought it might be cool to try out a different style of writing than what I have done in the past in fictional stories. Let me know if you like this type of story telling or if it doesn't work! As always the character is based off of me because i find it hotter writing it that way lol.

“FUCK” I blurt as I’m ripped from sleep. I’m late. I scramble over my bed to grab my phone and check the time but its dead. “Today of all days” I mutter angrily standing up to get dressed in a hurry. Does this shirt smell? Are these shorts or a skirt? It doesn’t matter; I just dress myself in what I can grab. Today is really fucking important, today is finals day. Where is my bra?? Fuck it I don’t need one. As I fumble around my room squeezing into my light blue panties, skirt and t-shirt, I feel a dull fullness in my bladder. No time I think to myself as I tear out of my bedroom and throw my shoes on. I glance hurriedly at the clock and realise I have 15 minutes until my first exam. “Fantastic” I exclaim dryly to no one in particular, and without so much as a glance at my unused toilet, I leave.

Getting in my car is a blur, key in, engine on, belt on. “shit” I whisper absent-minded as the belt constricts around my midriff reminding me of the drinks I had last night. I pull out of my drive and drive off. Fuck the police, I’m speeding. The journey goes by in a flash and before I know it, I’m sprinting through the college entrance. “SORRY” I shout behind me as I nearly knock into the librarian. Turn left. Down the hall. There is Miss Tight-Arse, looking disapproving as usual.

“Cutting it fine aren’t we today Oliva” She chides, God she is so fucking anal.

“Sorry Miss, my alarm didn’t go off” I mutter walking past her into the exam hall. I stop after a couple steps remembering the not-so-subtle pressure in my bladder. “Wait Miss, mind if I go to the toilet first?” I ask as tentatively as I can turning back to her.

“If you aren’t here when the exam starts you won’t be allowed in” she says without any emotion in her eyes. I check the time and see there is literally less than a minute. Cunt. I skulk off to my desk and prepare for an uncomfortable hour and a half. I sit down and flatten out my crumpled skirt and realise I should have absolutely put a bra on. Fuck it, free the nip.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, the exam is starting. Remember there is no leaving the room whilst the exams are taking place. I wish you all the best of luck” Exclaims Miss Tight-Arse with absolutely no sincerity whatsoever. I stare blankly at my paper for a minute in a daze after such a hectic morning. Damn, I really need to pee. Well, I guess I should get started on the paper…

I cross my legs for what might be the twentieth time and check the clock yet again, it’s only been forty minutes. Erm this isn’t good. That dull fullness has become a sharp pressing need. I’m struggling to think the answers through. Slightly sweating but oh well. I am a 22-year-old and 22-year-olds don’t wet themselves. Often. I am struggling to stay still now. If only I could sit on my heel or hold myself... I could probably subtly hold myself. I slowly place my hand over my crotch whilst glancing around for any prying eyes. I cross my legs again and sit like this for a couple minutes.

Question 5b: Can you concentrate on your exam whilst trying not to piss in your pants. Huh? No wait let me read it again. And again. And fucking again. MY GOD I cannot concentrate. I look around for any slight distraction and see Jason peeking over to me- what the fuck is he looking at. Shit I guess I’m not really being subtle; I look exactly like a person who NEEDS the toilet. I correct my positioning and attempt to use only my bladder muscles to hold it in. Eep that's way more difficult. Come on just concentrate on the test…

How long has my leg been jiggling like that? I check the time again- HEY THAT’S FANTASTIC- only 30 minutes left. The bad news is I have only completed like half my paper. Concentrate! I press my legs together, I don’t mean to- but if I don’t, I might pee. Just work 5 minutes at a time… 25 minutes... 20 minutes… God I can’t stay still. I look around again and see people’s eyes avert mine. Okay okay yes this is embarrassing, I am fidgeting in my chair like a 5-year-old girl… 15 minutes left… 10… Oh god I don’t think I have ever been this desperate. My vagina keeps fluttering weirdly like my muscles when I try to lift something heavy, that cant be a good sign. Its okay just 5 minutes left. I might have actually passed this paper- if I’m lucky.

I am focusing on keeping my crossed legs as together as legs can be, the pressure helps a little bit. My bladder feels like a fucking rock and my vagina is struggling to keep the dam closed. The bell ringing almost makes me lose control, stupid fucking bell. WAIT THE BELL. I stand up and start hobbling as normally as I can out of the hall. There will be many people heading to the toilets and I need to get there first! MOVE DICKHEADS, why does everyone want to get out as quick as possible?? Surely not everyone needs to pee…

Down the corridor, turn left with the sea of students talking about the exam questions. Come on, just like half a minute until I can pee. I can literally see the bathroom door. The pressure is so strong I actually can’t stand straight; the sea of people helps obscure me from looking like a right weirdo. “Olivia, hey Olivia!” shouts the familiar voice of my best friend, Candice. Fuck off bestie, girl gotta piss. “Hey Olivia wait up a second.” I begrudgingly turn around with a pained smile as my legs wobble, the pressure is so bad that everything around me feels like a numb blur of unimportance. “Hey Olivia, what happened to studying with me this morning?” Candice asks me. She takes me in for a second and glances down at my legs clamped together yet she seems oblivious. “Sorry” I mumble as sweat drips down my back, my bladder gives an uncomfortable push halted only by my now constantly fluttering muscles, the effort causes me to lean forward and cross my legs again. “I slept in”.

“Well, we have 45 minutes until the maths exam- you owe me a study sesh” she says pulling me by the arm harshly. I take a step to not fall over, and I feel my bladder spasm. Shit. I clench. I think I held it all in... If any came out it was only a tiny amount. “Wait dickhead” I blurt as quietly as I can “I am literally dying for a piss” Well this is embarrassing but oh well at least she will let me go pee and I can get on with my day. “I can see that, stupid” She laughs “You are bent over like a stiff board. Come on you won’t have luck with those toilets, look at the line” I turn around and curse the world. In the short amount of time, we’ve been talking a small queue has formed. MY LUCK. Fucking classic.

“Come on, lets go to the library there is a bathroom on the way” Candice suggests. Well, I guess I have no fucking choice now Candice you twat. I follow her half stumbling through the crowds of people. My muscles are fluttering so bad I can feel the pee threatening to dampen my knickers. One foot in front of the other, keep my legs at least 80% closed, I'm walking like an old man. I’m trying to play it cool though. The fluttering is getting stronger, I can feel the pee creeping closer each flutter. It's fine though I wont piss myself. Actually I might fucking piss myself… shit actually its looking quite bad for me.. I think.. I think.. FUCK its happening.

“eaeh” I say to halt Candice, I meant to speak English but I actually can’t. Candice is turning around looking me in the eyes as I start to dribble into my light blue underwear. “What?” She says looking at me apprehensively. I shake my head unable to talk, I feel my face grow red hot as I clench everything to attemot to cut off the trickle. Nope it's still trickling into my underwear. I am painfully aware that we are in the middle of the hall with everyone walking past. She finally seems to notice I am more desperate than she thought. “Oh god you NEED to pee” she whispers. YES, CANDICE YOU SLOW BITCH. I’ve managed to stop the dribble. Its okay. I’m okay. I stopped it. Fuck my bladder is fighting me. I realise I’m still stood half bent over, tense and red faced. People are looking at my weird stance.

“Can you walk?” Candice asks me tersely now without a hint of our friendly banter, she glances around. I nod and start following her blindly. Where are we going? I don’t know, as long as it’s not around all these eyes looking at me. I focus on putting one foot in front of the other. I can feel a damp warmth pressing against my lips, no mistaking that feeling. I try not to imagine the state of my cute little light blue panties, although they are probably a darker blue by now. Each step feels like its going to cause more to come out and to be honest I’m not sure it doesn’t. 

As we walk, I feel a singular bead of piss start making its way down the inside of my thigh. Thank God I wore a skirt. Candice keeps anxiously glancing back to me. It’s all I can do to not look like I am in the middle of an accident to the people who pass by. Finally, she ducks into a deserted classroom, I tail her. She closes the door, and I stand there fighting my tired bladder- it feels like it’s trying to push out all the piss directly into my clothes. She stands there thinking uselessly for a second.

“How can I help” she asks like a fucking tech support phone person. You could have maybe not talked to me and allowed all those tossers to get to the toilet first how about that you stupi- My bladder spasms hard and I grab myself with both hands crouched down. My vagina seems to have stopped fluttering and is now attempting to expel the contents of my bladder with full force. My hands are pressed so hard against my crotch that I am practically holding the flood back with my fingers, I can feel fresh warm pee being introduced to the cotton of my underwear and the front of my skirt despite the pressure. Candance is standing there like a goldfish opening and closing her mouth, I can only imagine what she is seeing right now. I feel a couple more droplets of urine tracing their way down my thighs. I glance at Candices eyes and squeeze out one word “Help”

“There's a toilet down the hall from here or…” she pauses to look around “or a bin” she says meekly pointing to the corner of the room. I nod, ashamed, and she starts to move towards the bin when the door opens revealing Mr Oldtwat. Just my luck, the creepy old man teacher. He surveys the scene for a second before his face lights up like its bloody Christmas. “What’s going on here” he smirks his ugly old grin. This awful revelation seems to give me my second wind, my bladder momentarily relinquishes its aggressive attempt to embarrass me, and I seize the opportunity. I dash out of the room leaving Candice to the old fart, serves her right for interrupting my bathroom opportunity.

I find myself shuffling through the corridor with rather wet panties and damp thighs. My hand is in front of my skirt trying to hide the small dark circle of piss traced on the front. I look around and the large groups of students has dispersed leaving only small groups scattered here and there. And then I see them. The toilets! I would be jogging if I could. However, I’m doing the second-best thing, I reach the door and wrench it open to find two other girls stood waiting to use a stall. I disperse with any dignity and contort in ways I never knew I could to stop myself from pissing on the floor right then and there. They cast strange glances at me and continue waiting.

“Any chance I can go next?” I ask furtively. They ignore me. God, I hate women. I steel myself for more holding, but my body doesn’t seem to get the memo. Before I have any say in the argument my bladder starts to let go. NO. CROSS LEGS. USE MY HANDS. CONTROL MY BREATHING. Please body, I'm so close! Despite my best efforts I feel my panties getting wetter and wetter. I screw up my face and hold my breath. I try with all my might to stop the flow, I succeed, but then it starts again, I stop it, and it starts again stronger. 

I look down and see my legs shining with wetness, my socks are turning a different colour, my shoes start to fill up, I see a small puddle forming between my feet. I look around and the two girls are watching me with amusement and disgust. A stall opens and neither of them enters. I dash in -still peeing- and lock the stall door -peeing harder- I rip down my soaked underwear. In the second between standing and sitting I gush a torrent of piss all over the floor. The noise of my wee hitting the toilet bowl is so loud I’m pretty sure it would drown out a rock concert. I hear the girls laughing outside.

What a great morning. It’s not even 11 and I have just had the worst day of my life. I check the damage and let out a depressed moan, my light blue underwear is now dark and dripping, my skirt has a large wet patch on the front and the floor in front of me is a small swimming pool. I am positively soaked, and somehow, I am still peeing into the toilet. Maybe I'll skip the maths exam.

