Desperate Michael

Author: Omoqueen69

*000*2022-12-08 21:41

Michael is a short, well-built boy, he adores working out and goes to the YMCA extremely often. Michael is generally pee shy; he can never use public bathrooms unless he is seconds away from an accident, meaning he will have to avoid urinating quite a long time before he can use the school’s bathrooms. He loathes that he is unable to pee in the school’s bathroom because it causes much pain in his pelvis and penis from having to hold so much pee for so long, and often, he will be dehydrated, which he cannot do as often because it causes him to develop migraines. Often, Michael is desperate for urination during school hours. Today, he had gym for his third period class. He's usually doing the most during gym, meaning he will end up sweating a lot. Obviously, sweating an extreme amount means needing to drink an increased number of fluids.

He drank two 500 milliliter (about 16.91 oz) water bottles and one 500 milliliter (about 16.91 oz) Powerade afterwards. Though, apprehensive about drinking a lot of fluids, he still decided to do so. He already drank a cup of coffee before school and a 500-milliliter water bottle during the first and second periods knowing that he had gym today. He already had to pee in the second period but decided to hold it for aforementioned reasons. Michael thought nothing of it until the fourth period when the urge to pee suddenly became stronger.

Each period is forty minutes long, meaning he would have already held it in for approximately 80 minutes. Fourth period, he had a math quiz, meaning he would have to just hold it, on top of his pee shyness. His teacher does not allow anyone to have bathroom breaks during tests or quizzes. That is not bad enough, because caffeine is a diuretic, coffee hurts his bladder allot easier, making it much more sensitive until the diuretic effect is finished. During the quiz, he tapped his pencil on the desk, and fanned his legs back and forth trying to distract himself from the fullness of his bladder ever increasing.

A wave of desperation hit him; pressure pressed downwards onto the base of his penis caused some dribbling. Michael immediately crossed his legs, started squirming about, and kept chugging on his math quiz. The students around him started noticing his desperation, he has a reputation for holding his urine, on top of it already being obvious if you know what you’re looking for. Because of this, students decided to tease him, they loudly drank their water from their water bottles, reminding Michael of how desperate he was for a urination break. 

It was starting to get difficult to concentrate at this point because of the fullness of his bladder, but he already knew that if he tried using the bathroom, nothing would come out. He tapped his foot and moved his legs side to side often, periodically clenching onto his penis. It felt like he had a rock placed inside of his pelvis, he could feel his bladder because it was so full. The students around him giggled watching Michael, especially the students who were already finished and had nothing better to do with their times.

He crossed his ankles together, squeezed together his thighs, he restlessly squirmed back and forth, sometimes tapping his feet, other times just fidgeting with his pencil trying to just distract himself from the impending doom of his bladder. He also kept crossing his legs and rocking them back and forth, keeping the urethra clenched even further than it would normally be and generally distracting himself from needing to urinate. Math class was finally over, his bladder ached with how much urine was being held inside of it. 

Because of how difficult concentrating was with the fulness of his bladder, he could not finish it during the period. He could barely stand up, let alone walk at any normal speed. So, he leaned forward and walked out as quickly as possible without peeing his pants. With every step, he felt a dribble come out, a drop at a time. Walking to the bathroom, he had to stop momentarily to just potty dance, to cross his legs, grab his crotch, turn his knees inwards, and dance in place trying to keep it all in. At this point he was also getting sweaty as a response to his restlessness and a stress response with how uncomfortably full his bladder was and with how painful the fullness was also.

Once he got to the bathroom, he hurriedly stood in front of the urinal with his dick out, ready to pee, only there were other people inside of the bathroom. He went from actively trying not to pee, about to pee on accident to not being able to pee at all. He stepped back and forth and even pressed on his bladder. Both extremely painful with the fullness of his bladder, yet nothing came out. He jumped up and down, and squirmed back and forth, stroking his penis, causing a boner. He really could not pee then with a boner, let alone with people in it. So, he stayed in the bathroom, hiding his dick the best he could, crouching otherwise it would release all over him. He had to stand up as normally as he could to just potty dance, people stared at him as if he were crazy. Each second, he heard people peeing and washing their hands and they were torchers. He felt the pee escaping slowly, spurts whenever he had to be subjected to people peeing.

It felt like there was a fish tank inside of his pelvis. He decided to sit on a toilet, with his pants off, but his hand firmly clenched onto his penis, relieving pressure from his bladder. Though this helped, he still had to squirm around, and do a potty dance. Whenever he heard someone peeing, he tried aiming his penis towards the toilet, but nothing came out. It was shut. Keeping all the pressure made his penis throb, making his desperation even worse. The pressure from his bladder caused him to cum much easier, yet he still released spurts into the toilet. 

It felt like heaven to release any amount of pee at all, yet he still could not release all of it because he was too embarrassed to pee with people inside the bathroom. At some point, he found it useless to wait and head down to lunch, his fifth period class. He sat with his friends, they teased him, drinking water in his face, shaking their water bottles in his face. At one point, the friend sitting next to him decided to press his bladder and tickle him which between the pressing of his bladder and laughing, he ended up peeing in his pants, having an accident during lunch, infront of everyone.

