Man of the House

Author: OmoGhost

*000*2025-12-24 22:14

Hello Friends!

Some of you may remember seeing this story before. Unfortunately, the original thread was sent to the void last summer and I finally got around to rewriting it. I've tried to keep most of everything the same but took some liberty in changing some smaller details and events. My plan is to try and repost the entire story, including never before seen chapters, over the next several weeks. Please feel free to let me know what you think!

Enjoy and Happy Holidays!

Chapter 1: Arrival

As I put the car in park, Hailey let out something between a groan and a whimper. I looked over to see her bent over with both hands firmly jammed between her thighs. Hailey, my girlfriend of two years, is absolutely stunning. She's 5’2”, 22 years old, has long Brunette hair, beautiful green eyes, and a curvy figure for her height with D cup breasts and an ass to match.

“You know I offered to stop like five times, right?” I said as I removed the keys from the ignition and started looking around the font of the vehicle for anything that needed to be brought inside.

“I know but I knew I could make it! Plus I’m not the one driving, you're the one that ultimately decided not to!” Hailey gingerly removed a hand from her crotch and moved her wavy brunette hair from her face.

I smirked as she said this, knowing full well she refused to stop on purpose just to turn me on. We've been together two years and I had told her about my kink a little under a year ago. It took her some time to get comfortable with the idea of wetting herself, but after seeing how much I enjoyed it, she quickly got accustomed to putting herself in precarious situations when it came to having a full bladder.

I unbuckled my seat belt and started to gather all of our things that I could grab from the driver seat. We had been in the car for just under 4 hours driving from our university to her parents house to house sit while her family was out of town for the weekend. A good bit of trash had accumulated from the various snacks and drinks we had packed for the ride. After collecting a couple empty chip bags and several bottles I don't remember drinking I opened the door and got out looking back at Hailey. She hasn’t moved from her bent over position since we parked.

“You ok?” I asked, concerned. I enjoyed when she'd get desperate but I in no way wanted her to actually humiliate or hurt herself.

Hailey slowly sat back in her seat and exhaled slowly, “Yes I just feel like if I move I might pee. I might need you to open the door so I can just run in.”

“No problem. Let me throw this stuff away super quick and I'll grab your keys and one of our bags.” I quickly made my way to the trash can at the end of the drive and dumped our loose trash on top of the bags. I jogged back to the car to find Hailey bent over again shaking her legs almost violently. She had at least managed to open her door and undo her seat belt.

“Keys?” I asked as I leaned into the open door.

Without looking up she produces a key ring from under her bent torso. “Finally. I really need you to hurry up.”

I grabbed the keys from her shaky grip and pulled open the back door of the sadan and grabbed her bag from the back. I suspected she might need some new panties once we got inside. I leaned into the car close to her so I could give her a quick peck on the cheek.

“Ok you ready? Imma go open the door so you can make a dash.”

She looked up and took a breath and shook her head. “Just hurry up and stay out of my way or imma pee on you.”

I laughed, wanting to make a joke about how much I actually enjoy that thought, but I decided it wasn't the best time. I rubbed Hailey between her shoulder blades, “Ok imma run and unlock the door. You can make it.”

She nodded her head, and I ran over and started unlocking the door. I could hear Hailey's frantic footsteps not far behind.

“It better be unlocked cause I'm coming through” she yelled out. Just as she got to the entryway of the house, the door clicked open. She threw the door the rest of the way open and ran straight through, making a bee line for a shoe rack. I watched as she danced in place hopping from foot to foot trying to fling her sandals off, not staying on one foot long enough to get one or or the other completely off. After what felt like an eternity she finally managed to kick off her shoes and fast walked into a hallway.

“We're staying in Mom's room.” She said over her shoulder. I followed her into the room to put her bag down and watched as she raced straight into the bathroom not bothering to shut the door. I left her bag at the foot of the bed and continued to follow her into the bathroom, not wanting to miss the show.

“What the fuck…” she said in defeat. Hailey stood in the middle of the large master bathroom, legs firmly pressed together, hands glued between her legs. The half of the bathroom where the toilet should be was blocked off by a makeshift barrier made of that blue painters tape. The tiles of the floor were all pulled up and the toilet itself was missing and in its place was an open pipe with plastic taped over it.

“Fuckfuckfuckfuck” Hailey bobbed up and down, frozen in place, a single drop of liquid making it's way down her inner thigh.

“The tub!” I said. It wasn't the best option but it was what we had to work with before she left a puddle in the middle of the floor. I watched as she took a deep breath and removed one hand from between her legs as she took one step and, leading with one leg, hopped over the side of the tub. A spurt of pee gushed out of her aching pussy as she lept, and upon landing in the tub she shoved both hands back in-between her legs. It was useless though. At this point she already had several rivulets of urine running down her legs.

“Fuck” was all she could muster as she separated her legs and placed her hands on her knees, giving up on the losing battle. Piss immediately erupted from her crotch in a loud hiss. Initially, her pee fell directly to the tub below her in one thick, powerful stream. I watched as her red Nike shorts slowly turned dark maroon, the dark color spreading over her left leg as her pee began to run down her thigh, snaking its way down her knee and calf eventually adding to the river of light yellow liquid that was making its way down the drain. After what felt like an eternity, her stream finally died down to a slight trickle that slowly dripped down her thigh. Hailey just sighed heavily, her face bright red as she slowly stood up straight.

“That was so fucking hot.” I said as I walked up to the side of the large tub. I was fully erect and there was no hiding it. I was beyond turned on and just wanted to rip her soaking wet clothes off.

Hailey smiled seductively at me, “I'm sorry lover, I couldn't hold it any more. I didn't mean to have an accident. I tried to make it to the potty like a big girl” She said in her sweetest most innocent tone.

“It's okay baby. Accidents happen, and you didn't exactly have much of a choice” I motioned to the construction site where the toilet should be. “Now I think we should get you out of these wet clothes” I said as I leaned over the tub going in for a kiss. Hailey leaned back into me to reciprocate the kiss. Just as the kiss was getting heated and turning into more, we heard footsteps approaching the bathroom.

“HAIILLLLSSSS. I SEE YOUR CAR ARE YOU HERE?” The voice was unmistakably Hailey's oldest sister, Makinzie. Makinzie looks just like Hailey aside from the slightly darker complexion and the fact she's a fair bit taller. She Makinzie isn't as curvy but still has ample breasts on her athletic frame. Perhaps most importantly, She was supposed to be with the rest of the family but for whatever reason was still at the house. Just as I stepped away from the tub and tried to hide my erection, Makinzie appeared in the doorway.

“Hey Hails! So Sam and I decided to stay.” She said this without looking up from her phone. Sam is Hailey's youngest sister and neither of them were supposed to be at the house this weekend. The whole point of us coming to house sit, was that the entire family was supposed to be traveling, giving us some much needed privacy. Hailey's youngest sibling and only brother, Travis, is on a travel baseball team and his parents are taking him to several big tournaments to get him exposure to some college recruiters as he just turned 16 and should be starting to apply soon. Makinzie is 20 and living at home while she attends community college and figures out what she wants to do as a career. Sam just turned 18 and wrapped up her junior year of high school in the last couple weeks. Since both girls are living at home they claimed they were gonna use their brother’s out of state tournaments as their summer vacations.

Hailey and I just stood frozen staring at Makinzie as she walked in. She looked up from her phone at us and her eyes went wide.

“EWWWW NOT YOU TOO.” she yelled out. Hailey and I just stared confused.

“What do you mean you too?” Hailey asked nervously.

“Sam and Mom also peed their pants since they started working on the bathrooms. Apparently the pipe for the upstairs toilet is connected to this one so we're down to only the hallway bathroom and Sam and I’s bathroom for toilets. It's led to a lot of close and not so close calls lately. Mom and Sammie are both proud members of the piddle pants club. I'm sure they'll happily take you in.” Makinzie said almost matter of factly.

Hailey blushed, “Well somebody should have told me and I would have used the hall bathroom instead of my pants. By the way can someone get me a towel please?”

I looked around, but wasn't familiar with where her parents stored the towels.

Makinzie pointed to a cabinet door, “They keep them in there. I'll let you two clean up and do whatever you gotta do.” She smirked as she said the last part and turned and left the room.

I grabbed a towel from the cabinet and handed it to Hailey. “I think I might just bathe real quick since I'm ready in the tub. Can you get me some new shorts and panties please?”

“Of course baby. I brought your bag in first just in case. While you clean up I'll grab the rest of our stuff.” I gave her a quick peck on the lips and walked out the room hoping we could have some intimate time together later even though her sisters are home.

*001*2025-12-29 16:18

Chapter 3: Proving a Point.

The following morning I woke up with Hailey in my arms, her back facing me in a spooning position. I smiled to myself as I stretched a bit, trying not to disturb Hailey, but as I stretched out my free arm she rolled over and greeted me with a big smile.

“Good morning beautiful” I said as I gave her a quick peck on the lips. She giggled and buried her head into my chest. I brought my arm back down over her and gave her a hug.

Her words were muffled as she spoke into my chest “We should probably get up and get breakfast going soon.”

I groaned and stretched out my limbs one more time. “I'm so cozy. I don't wanna get up.”

Hailey giggled and attempted to pull the covers over head in response, struggling to get them past her chin because they were tucked in under the foot of the bed. She eventually dropped the sheets and fluffy comforter and sighed in defeat. “I know I wish we could stay in bed forever but we gotta make food for them. I don't want them coming in here while we're not decent.”

She had a point. We didn't exactly get dressed before bed last night. I was only wearing boxers and she just had on an oversized purple t-shirt I don't remember her putting on before bed. I groaned and threw the covers off and slowly climbed out of the massive king bed. It was way bigger than the full size mattress we normally share at my apartment. I made my way around the edge of the bed to where my bag was and started digging for shorts while Hailey did the same. After finding a fresh pair of gym shorts I looked over to find Hailey still bent over searching through her bag, her bare bottom peeking out from under her shirt. I quickly rushed over and gave it a smack, smiling to myself as she quickly stood upright, a fresh pair of bright pink panties in her hand.

“Cut it out! We need to get dressed!” she said, shaking her fist and waving her new panties at me as if proving her point. I just smiled back at her and threw my shorts on quickly.

“Ok I'm dressed. Can I smack your butt now?” I said almost sarcastically, knowing how'd she'd react.

Hailey just scowled back at me “I'm not dressed so leave me alone or no butt for you for the rest of the day mister!”

I frowned. “Ok ok ok I'll stop. Imma go take a leak and get breakfast started.” As I mentioned peeing I noticed Hailey press her legs slightly together, obviously having the same idea in mind.

“We have eggs and milk in the fridge. Bread and pancake mix in the pantry. Make whatever you want. I don't think we have any bacon or sausage but you can check. We’ll probably need to go to the store at some point.” as Hailey listed off the things we have to eat I fished around my bag for a shirt and put it on.

“Ok got it. Eggs, pancakes, toast.” I'll figure it out till you get ready.” And with that I walked out the room to the hallway restroom to take care of my business. As I was about to round the corner into the restroom, Sam came rounding the corner from the kitchen. She jumped when she saw me, her face started to grow red again. She was wearing, from what I could see, just an oversized black t-shirt with what looked like Edward Cullen on the front. It was hard to tell since she had some balled up bed sheets in her arms. I quickly noticed the familiar smell of urine in the air and started noticing the slight color gradient in the bundled up sheets. No wonder she was blushing so much this early in the morning.

“Oh Sam, are you ok? Did you have a bad dream or something?” I said, concerned.

She looked down at the floor, her face bright red now. “Yes I'm f-fine. I ummm got carried away reading in bed last night and thought I could finish my chapter. By the time I realized I couldn't… Kinzie was in the bathroom and wouldn't let me in. I thought I could wait but I couldn't…” she slowly pushed her way past me as she explained, obviously trying to clean her mess before anyone else found out.

“Ok. As long as you clean your sheets. You didn't sleep in those last night did you?” I asked.

“Uh no after… I um… ya know…”, Sam glanced down at her wet sheets in her hands, “I put these in the corner and put on fresh sheets and showered and-and everything.” She took a second to wipe the tears from her eyes before she continued to explain. “I, umm, the, umm, mattress is fine. I had a lot… a lot of, um, accidents when I was little.” She quickly spat out that last part and started getting defensive. ”I stopped when I was like twelve, but mom kept a protector on the mattress just in case…” she wiped her nose with her arm before finishing. “So I figured… after what Hailey said last night it was better than ruining the carpet.” She sniffed trying to stop crying.

“Hey it's ok. I get it. That was smart thinking. Easier to throw some sheets in the wash than to clean a stained carpet. I won't tell anyone. Go ahead and start your laundry. I'm gonna get breakfast going in a minute. Let me know if you want anything in particular.” I gently patted her on the shoulder, giving her a reassuring smile. I watched as Sam disappeared into the laundry room before finally going into the restroom to do my business. When I got out I could hear the laundry going and found Hailey in the kitchen making a pot of coffee. She was still wearing her purple t-shirt with pink the panties underneath now.

“I thought you were gonna start breakfast??” She raised an eyebrow as she met me in the middle of the kitchen and gave me a kiss.

“I thought you were gonna get dressed?” I responded as I reached for the fridge to get out what we'd need to cook.

“I am dressed. I don't care if anyone here sees me like this. You've seen me naked and if you weren't here all of us girls would be wearing exactly this.” She twirled showing off her hot pink panties beneath.

I set down the milk and caught her in my arms. “Ok I guess I don't mind if they don't. Now are you helping me with breakfast or just making the coffee?”

Over the next 30 minutes or so Hailey and I split up breakfast duties and cooked up some scrambled eggs and a pile of chocolate chip pancakes. The whole time we cooked, Hailey sipped on her coffee. We brought everything over to the dining table and set up utensils and sets for the girls.

“BREAKFAST IS READY YOU FIENDS!” Hailey yelled out. I sat down and poured me a glass of orange juice and started filling my plate. Hailey sat to my right at the head of the table and added a few pancakes to her plate with a spoonful of eggs. Soon her sisters joined us and fixed themselves a plate.

Once everyone was settled Hailey piped up to start a conversation “Hey which one of you is doing laundry? I still need to throw my stuff in from yesterday.”

Sam blushed brightly and glanced at Kinzie. “I am. I had a few things to wash. I'll let you know when it's done.”

Kinzie snorted and without swallowing blurted out “Sammie wet the bed again.” And began to laugh to herself as if it was a joke. Hailey gave Sam a concerned look.

“Kinzie! I did not wet the bed last night!” Sam shot back, her face nearly crimson.

“Yes you did! I heard you shower last night and go into the closet to grab some sheets! And you had new ones on when I looked in your room this morning!” Makinzie began to argue.

“Why were you in my room!?” Sam argued back.

“I didn't go in your room, I just looked in there through the door! And don't change the subject, piddle pants!” Makinzie almost yelled that last part, a permanent smirk on her face.

Sam just sat back in her chair and huffed. “ I didn't wet the bed! I purposely peed in it cause you locked me out of the bathroom last night and I didn't want to ruin the carpet!”

“I was in there for like five minutes. You could have waited or used the hall bathroom! Why did you pee in your bed!? That's where you sleep! That's so gross!” Makinzie again shouted the last part of her statement.

“Hailey said it was ok! As long as we clean it and I'm cleaning it!” She yelled back at Makinzie.

Makinzie opened her mouth to respond but was cut off by Hailey who let out a loud exaggerated sigh. “Ahhhhhh”, Hailey was leaning all the way back in her chair, arms stretched out in front of her pushing herself as far back as she could, a smile planted in her face. That's when I heard it. The unmistakable sound of liquid spilling onto the floor. I instinctively leaned back in my chair to look under the table.

Hailey sat with her legs slightly parted as a pool of liquid was rapidly expanding under her and was beginning to cascade off the edge of the wooden chair. A muffed hiss could be heard as liquid met liquid. The puddle around her grew rapidly, her pee pouring over the edges of her chair and running down the back of her calves to the floor below. 

My mouth hung open as I watched the waterfall of hot piss continue to find its way over the edge of the chair, spilling down the wooden legs and dripping into the ever growing lake below. As quickly as it started it ended. The vast rivers of golden liquid turned into trickles.

“What. The. Actual. Fuck” Makinzie was the first to speak.

Hailey just shrugged. “I told you I don't care. I didn't get a chance to go this morning when I woke up and I've been sipping coffee so I really had to go. I didn't want to get up from the table so I just went.”

We all just stared at her as she went back to eating.

“How can you eat when you're covered in piss?” Makinzie grimaced and pinched her nose “And it stinks!”

She wasn't wrong. The scent of urine hung strongly in the air. I didn't mind though and neither did my body. My cock was stiff in my shorts under the table. I pulled my chair in closer to hopefully hide my situation.

“It's ok baby, I'll help you clean in a bit. I didn't know you never went this morning” I said as I put another pancake on my plate trying to pretend everything was fine.

Makinzie scowled and got up from the table. “That's so gross I don't know how you can eat.”

Sam added more eggs to her plate and looked at Hailey coyly. “Th-Thanks Hails. You didn't have to do that”

Hailey snorted as she swallowed another bite of pancake. “It was gonna happen sooner or later. I really had to pee for, like, the last 30 minutes. I'm surprised I lasted as long as I did.” She took another bite “Besides, I really meant it when I said I don't care. Just let me know when you're done with your sheets so I can do a load.”

Breakfast lasted another ten minutes as we finished up the last of the pancakes. Sam got up and changed her laundry over before retiring to her room. Hailey stayed seated until I returned with a handful of towels. She gingerly stood up, her now cold pool of urine splashing off the side of the chair and running down the back of her calves. The large puddle beneath the chair surprisingly didn't spread too much. I put one towel down on the chair and slowly picked it up and moved out the way so I could put a larger towel down on the floor. Hailey just stood in her puddle as pee slowly dripped from between her legs and ran down her thighs. I handed her a third towel to clean off with so I could start picking up our breakfast mess. Hailey smiled at me with the towel in her hand.

“I saw you really enjoyed that.” She whispered.

I felt my face grow warm. “I did. Did you?”

She smiled up at me. “I did. I really had to go. I seriously thought I was gonna piss myself cooking breakfast.”

I felt my member starting to rise again. “Why didn't you stop to use the bathroom? You had plenty of time to go.”

Hailey smiled seductively at me swaying her body side to side. “I kinda like holding it… especially in front of you. I wanted to see how long I could last. I thought about getting up from the table at the last second but I ended up letting it happen. It took me a second to relax, not gonna lie. I don't know if it was because I was around people or just had to pee that bad or what.” I felt my cock start to push against my boxers.

Hailey glanced down and bit her lip. “You better put that thing away. Don't need my sister's to see you hard.”

I quickly tried to readjust myself to better hide my current predicament. Hailey just stared at me smiling.

“You know I didn't do that just for you. I'm tired of Kinzie pushing Sam around and making her feel bad. She struggled with bed wetting for a long time and apparently she took it hard when she had that accident last week when they shut off the toilets. I wanted to prove a point to her that I don't care if anyone wets themselves. That it's ok to have an accident. I just don't want her feeling bad about it and Makinzie doesn't help.”

“Well if it helps, what you're doing is working. I ran into Sam when she was taking her sheets to the laundry room. She really wanted to know if you cared or not and I told her you don't. She seemed to take comfort in that.” I said as I began to grab plates from the table.

I continued to clean up the dining table from breakfast while Hailey soaked up the puddles she made. I was wiping down the table while she was squatting, wiping up the last of her mess with a now soaked towel.

“You need help? I'm almost done here. Just gotta put everything in the dishwasher.” I said, crumpling up a paper towel in my hand.

“I'm ok! I think it's good for now. I'll mop later to make sure it's clean.” She said as she stood up. “imma grab my other wet clothes and throw everything in the wash” she gave me a peck on the lips and disappeared to the bedroom.

Once I finished rinsing the dishes and putting them away, I decided to find Hailey. She was in the laundry room still in her purple shirt which was wet around the bottom from her “accident” earlier. I assumed she still had on her wet panties. I watched as she shoved the rest of Sam's sheets in the dryer and started putting the wet towels in the machine followed by her wet panties and shorts from yesterday.

She suddenly turned to me, “Close the door.” She commanded. I did as she said and turned back around to watch her peel her shirt off and throw it in the wash. She was left with her bare breasts and visibly wet panties exposed.

“Now this one's just for you” she said as she spread her legs shoulder width apart. Almost immediately a thick clear stream of liquid poured from her pussy, her already saturated panties providing no resistance. A few seconds later it was over. I looked down expecting a mess but she was standing over a towel that was now completely soaked. I watched as she stripped off her still dripping panties and tossed them into the machine. She then bent over, making a point to show off her ass, and picked up the towel. She toweled down her legs to try to remove any moisture and tossed the towel into the machine with the rest of her laundry. Still fully nude, she took her time pouring out liquid detergent and starting the machine.

When she was done she pressed her naked body into mine and snuck a hand between my legs. “I'm all done. Think imma go take a shower. Care to join?” She said as she breathed heavily up the side of my neck.

She gripped my semi erect penis in her hand and squeezed as she planted a kiss on my lips. I was completely at her mercy and she knew it. She pulled a shirt off a random pile of folded laundry and pulled it on. It went all the way down to her knees, her hard nipples showing through the thin fabric. Hailey pushed open the door and quickly made her way to her parents room with me not too far behind. I had no idea what got into her this weekend but I'm enjoying every moment of it.

*003*2026-01-02 14:46

{{On 12/31/2025 at 10:09 PM, Dudebro00 said:

I loved this story and as a side note I luckily saved it before it got deleted.

Are you the original author? Is your plan to age up the characters so it doesn’t get deleted?

Also you went from chapter 1 to 3.

}}

Yes, I'm the original author, and yes I am aging up one of the characters so it doesn't get removed again and a one so there is still a ln age gap between characters. I am also just straight up rewriting certain parts and pieces to make it flow better in my opinion.

As for the missing chapter it's posted and pending approval. I guess this post or my content in general is like flagged or something since the original got removed. For example, I posted the original over a week ago and it must have just recently gotten approved. I posted the next two chapters at the same time a few days ago while the first was still pending approval. For some reason chapter two is still pending approval while chapter three is up now. No idea why this is.

We will see if this comment will also stay hidden for a week. I'm not sure if it's just bugged or what, but If you're a mod reading this, please let me know what's going on if possible.

*004*2026-01-02 16:11

Chapter 4: Movie Night

Hailey and I had spent the afternoon shopping. We went out to several boutiques and thrift shops and had a quick lunch at a local bistro. The last stop of the day was for groceries which was near the house. We made our way through the isles together planning our meals for the next two days. Hallway through or shopping we decided against one idea, so I had to run back and place a few items back on the shelf. I returned where I had initially left Hailey but she was gone. I wandered through the store and found her in the most unexpected spot. She was parked in front of the incontinence aisle staring intently at a package in her hands.

“You need anything?” I said jokingly. Hailey's face grew red as she put the package she was holding back on the shelf.

“I dunno. I just thought maybe these could come in handy since there are only two bathrooms. Less clean up yanno?” She slowly turned back to the cart and started pushing it out the aisle.

“I mean that makes sense to me. If you think they could help then get them.” I tried being supportive, but Hailey just blushed deeper.

“Yea but I don't want mom and dad to see them. Someone might leave one on the floor or in the trash and they'd ask questions and stuff” she put her head down as we walked away.

“You know, I didn't think you'd be into diapers. They're not exactly my thing but if you wanted to try them I'm here for it. Whatever gets you going” I said with a smirk. Hailey didn't appreciate the teasing and retaliated by hitting me in the shoulder.

Hailey barely spoke above a whisper “I'm not into anything. Pee is your thing. I just thought they would be convenient.” she continued to push the cart towards the checkout seeing as we were done shopping at this point.

“Got it. So maybe next time.” I said in jest. Hailey just rolled her eyes at me, her face still flushed.

…

By the time we got back it was late in the afternoon. We unloaded our groceries and put everything where it needed to go as we weren't cooking anything we bought. There were some frozen chicken nuggets and fries in the freezer we warmed up. After dinner Hailey, Makinzie and I changed into comfy clothes and retired to the living room to watch the latest superhero flick that was finally available for streaming. I was wearing the same gym shorts from that morning with a new green t-shirt, Hailey was wearing some navy and white striped panties were barely covered by a yellow t-shirt.

Her shirt was barely enough to hide anything which was probably a result of our dinner conversation. While we were eating, Makinzie argued with Hailey about why she and Sam couldn't wear shirts and underwear but she could. Hailey tried to explain that she doesn't want me seeing them in their undies, which was a fair point, but Makinzie had argued back that I shouldn't be a pervert and that she definitely wasn't trying to seduce me. Makinzie was bi, but recently has been courting other biological women and claimed to have no interest in men. 

Regardless, Hailey got tired of fighting and gave in, allowing them to not have to wear pants or shorts as long as their shirts went to their knees. To celebrate her victory, Makinzie ripped her shorts off right then and there at the table. I tried not to look out of respect for Hailey, but I couldn't help but catch a glimpse of Makinzie's black boy shorts that are now hidden beneath her white t-shirt. Hailey, understandably, was upset by this display, but once again lost the argument seeing as she wet herself at the table that morning.

Sam retired to her room to read while Makenzie, Hailey and I settled in the living room. We pulled the movie up on a streaming service and popped some popcorn and got some drinks and candy ready as well. Once we were all settled, we checked the run time.

“2 hours and 35 minutes!?” Hailey exclaimed. “Why can't they make these things shorter!”

She stood up and walked around the couch, “Don't start yet! I need to pee first!” She yelled as she entered the hall bathroom.

Makinzie yelled back “Why didn't you just pee on the couch you freak!”

Hailey soon returned from the bathroom and climbed under the blanket with me, pressing her cold feet against my leg. “Okay! Empty bladder, check.” She patted her tummy as she continued, “Popcorn and snacks, check!” Hailey took a slight pause so she could grab a bag of gummies we got at the store and a big bowl of popcorn and sat back down. “Water, check!” She took a swig from a rather large bottle. “Boyfriend, check!” She leaned back into me so we could cuddle a little bit. “Ok we're all set!” She said at last.

Makinzie just groaned from behind the lazy boy she was sitting in across the room. And with that I clicked play on the movie.

About an hour and a half into the movie I had gotten distracted by Hailey's nonstop movements. She started slow at first, changing positions every so often but I thought she was just trying to get comfortable. It was apparent now, from the way she was starting to squirm, that she had to pee. She wasn't the only one though. I noticed Makinzie shifting around a lot in the lazy boy and, when she wasn't moving, her leg was shaking. I would have chalked it up for nervous energy if she didn't bend over and grimace every so often.

I tried to pay attention to the film but that was quickly squandered when Makinzie spun around in the lazy boy quickly so she could see us, “Can you pause it real quick?”

“No pausing. If we pause, everyone will take a break and we’ll never finish." Hailey quickly snapped in reply. I raised an eyebrow at this statement given her current predicament.

“But I have to peeeee” Makinzie complained.

“Then go. We aren't pausing.” Hailey snapped back. She grabbed some candy and popped it in her mouth as she shifted positions again.

“But I don't want to miss anything! Just pause it for five seconds so I can go pee” Makinzie bent over and shoved a hand between her thighs as she said this.

“Uh uh. If you don't want to miss anything just go right there and clean it up after.” Hailey never took her eyes away from the screen as she motioned to the corner of the room near the lazy boy. Makinzie just grumbled and swung back around in the chair and focused on the movie again. About five minutes later Sam walked in to join us, but before she could sit Hailey stopped her.

“Sam could be a dear and hand me that stack of towels?” She pointed to the other end of the couch where Sam was about to sit. It was all the laundry from the previous day's accidents that was folded and ready to be put away. Sam handed Hailey the stack of towels and Hailey pulled two from the top of the stack. I watched as she unfolded them slightly and sat up so she could pull them under her. I helped pull the second towel all the way under until she was situated. She sat back down and shifted slightly before leaning back into my body attempting to get comfortable again.

Makinzie turned back around. “I'm serious, please, please pause it.”

“Nope!” Hailey replied as she shifted a little bit and pulled our shared blanket back over our bodies.

“Sammie, will you tell me if I miss anything while I go pee real quick? Hailey is being a butt” Makinzie pleaded.

Before Sam could reply Hailey grabbed another towel off the pile and tossed it at Mackenzie. “Ugh. Just go right there and you won't miss anything.”

Makinzie caught the towel but didn't say anything back. She just stared down at the towel, her legs shaking more than before. Meanwhile Hailey snaked her hand under the covers and found mine. She slowly pulled it towards her until it was between her legs, resting on top of her free hand that was tightly gripping her pussy. I could feel her slowly move her hand away as she replaced it with mine. 

She pressed my hand firmly into her as she tried to hold back the impending flood. I glanced up at her as she stared intently at the screen. A sudden explosion made her twitch and I felt a hot gush against my hand. I could hear Hailey whimper softly between the shouting and gun shots from the film. Another explosion and another leak. I could feel her legs clamp down around my hand as she rolled herself into my fingers. 

As we attempted to watch the film Hailey’s leaks grew more and more frequent until I felt a large gush that didn't seem to stop. She moaned softly as she finally gave in and released the contents of her bladder. I could feel her stream of pee arcing from her panties and splashing into my palm. Between the chaos of the film you could hear a gentle hiss coming from below the blanket we shared. Eventually, her stream died down and I began to gently rub her pussy through her soaked panties. 

She let out another more sensual, moan and bit her lip as she grabbed my hand and pulled it away. She moved it back to body and slid her hand across my hip to my cock. It wasn't completely hard yet, but she changed that when she started slowly stroking my length through my shorts. I was hoping you couldn't tell what was going on under the blanket we shared. My mind was taken away from Hailey as Makinzie let out a deep groan. She stood up and threw the towel down and looked at it.

“Fuck. I'm seriously about to piss myself can you please pleeeeaassee pause for a sec??” she was standing now, legs crossed, hands buried between her legs.

"No! I told you it's ok to just go there so you won't miss anything. Stop being stubborn and just go! Nobody here cares!" Hailey quickly responded, smiling at Mackenzie's situation.

Makenzie stayed standing for a few more minutes, legs crossed and bouncing. "Fuck you Hailey!" She hissed out as she unwrapped her legs and frantically pulled down her panties.

I watched as she squatted down over the towel. I could only see her from the shoulder up as the recliner blocked most of my view.

“I'm trying to pee! stop staring!” I hadn't realized that I wasn't the only one. Sam and Hailey were both watching Makinzie intently, smiles plastered on their faces. Makinzie looked back up at the screen and tried to focus on the movie, a few seconds later she let out a sigh as a torrent of urine burst from her body, spraying onto the towel below her. I couldn't see anything, but I could hear the loud hissing and splashing sound of her urine meeting the floor. Meanwhile, Hailey started to steadily rub the length of my cock again. My eyes stayed glued to Makinzie as she continued to empty her bladder onto the floor. She must have peed for what felt like 3 whole minutes. The whole time Hailey slowly increased the pace of her strokes. I had to grab Hailey's hand and stop her before I blew a load right then and there. Hailey had stopped watching the movie and was staring intently at me, lust in her eyes. Suddenly Makinzie stood and pulled her panties up in one swift motion.

“Whew! Much better. I can't believe you made me do that.” she exclaimed as she sat back in her chair and wrapped herself up in her blanket. I looked over at Hailey who was now grinning wide as she watched the movie. We watched the rest of the movie in relative peace. Hailey had stopped teasing me and opted to resume laying on me, my arm wrapped around her shoulders. Sam got comfortable on the end of the couch as we watched the end of the film. The movie ended and credits began to roll.

Makinzie stood up quickly “Finally! That was so long I have to pee again."

As she began to walk away I piped up “Not gonna stay for the post credits?”

She stopped and turned to me and groaned and marched back to her seat, crossing her legs tightly.

“Can't we just fast forward?” She asked a few minutes later.

“Nope!” Hailey responded, getting a thrill from torturing her sister again.

Makinzie stood up and danced on the spot. Bending over and squeezing her crotch or bouncing aggressively as the credits slowly rolled. She suddenly screamed silently to herself as she buried her hands in her groin and bent over.

“Ok shit! It's coming out!!” Makinzie quickly spat out before squatting behind the lazy boy again, not bothering to remove her panties this time. Before she got into a full squat, you could hear her pee hissing as it left her body. She groaned loudly and threw her head back in relief as she resoaked the towel she had laid down. A few moments later Makinzie’s bladder was empty again and she stood up slowly, a few drops of urine falling to the ground from beneath her long shirt.

“Sammie, hand me another towel please” Makinzie asked rather nicely.

Sam, trying to hide her grin, tossed Makinzie another towel. Makinzie began to dry her legs as the post credits came on. It was a just a black screen with text stating "The hero will return" and that was it.

“Well that was worth the wait” I exclaimed. Makinzie rolled her eyes in my direction.

“Worth wetting your panties over apparently” Hailey added, the remark an obvious jab at Makinzie. “Welcome to the piddle pants club sis!” Hailey said excitedly as she removed the blanket we shared from over her body, revealing that she, too, wet herself during the movie. Hailey slowly stood up and picked up the two soaked towels revealing that they didn't absorb enough. There was a perfect wet circle on the couch about the size of a basketball, and my shorts had also gotten a little wet.

“Fuck. Sorry” Hailey apologized. “We need to clean this too. Hopefully the cushion is ok”

I helped her take the cover off the couch cushion and bring everything to the laundry room. The cushion was a little damp but would otherwise be fine.

“This should be dry in the morning. I just hope it doesn't smell” I said to Hailey as I placed the cushion on the dining table.

“I know me too. I don't know what I was thinking. I thought the towels would be enough” Hailey replied, concern etched onto her face.

“We’ll handle it tomorrow. It'll be ok” I said, trying to console her. We started the laundry and retired to the bedroom. Once the door was closed behind us Hailey stood up on her toes and kissed me hard. I returned the kiss and pushed her back against the wall.

When we finally came up for air she giggled. “Come with me” she said as she grabbed my hand and pulled me into the bathroom.

Once in the large master bath I pushed Hailey up against the counter and kissed up her neck. She tugged at my shirt and I ripped it off and tore my shorts and boxers down, kicking them across the floor. She returned the favor and pulled her shirt off leaving her in just her wet panties. I grabbed at the waist of her panties and began to pull them down when she stopped me.

"Leave them."

My heart skipped a beat. I kissed her hard and passionately. Excited at the monster I created. We again made love in her parents' bathroom.

