Avalon

Author: Ondinist

*000*2019-07-12 08:17

Perdita and Sebastian stood staring at the image of the planet that filled the huge viewing screen whilst data on its mass, gravity, atmosphere, temperature and other metrics scrolled alongside. Still watching the screen intently, Perdita spread her legs and peed on the floor.

She gave Sebastian a mischievous smile as he stood waiting politely for her to finish - she knew how much he liked it when she wet herself. Then she walked over to the Intelligence console, leaving a trail of droplets from her soaked panties. Flicking the hem of her short tunic clear, she sat at the desk and started to review the data, her slim, manicured fingers flicking deftly over touchscreens, keypads and thought sensors. She turned to him and smiled. "Its looking good" she said. "I think we should ask Ariel to wake the others".

Behind them, a rectangle sketched itself on to what had been a featureless wall. The rectangle became an open slot and a small, flat, boxlike device emerged. Hovering an inch or so above the floor, it scooted over to the puddle in front of the viewing screen. The puddle shrank and disappeared, the device returned to its slot and the wall was once again blank.

###

The spaceship had been wandering the galaxy for a very long time - how long depended on your point of view. On Earth, thousands of years had passed since the ship had uncoupled from the Lagrange space station and launched out into deep space but the ship had been travelling at close to light speed so the search for a planet suitable for colonisation had lasted only a couple of hundred years on board.

During that time, Ariel, the ship's Intelligence - the archaic word 'computer' would be totally inadequate to describe her - had, with motherly care, kept the eight humans on board in a state of suspended animation whilst the ship's systems managed, monitored and, on the rare occasions it was necessary, repaired themselves. Ariel was the ship and the ship was Ariel.

Now, its exterior scarred and pitted and still with a thin dusting of frozen hydrogen on the areas that were shadowed from the alien sun, the ship was in orbit around a promising looking planet and Ariel had gently brought Perdita and Sebastian back to life, back to consciousness. On behalf of their fellow passengers, their task would be to confirm Ariel's analysis that the planet beneath them was indeed suitable to become their new home.

###

Two weeks since their Reawakening - they were still using Earth's parameters to measure time - Viola lay in bed, thinking about the day ahead. Each of the eight crew members had spent the previous days reviewing Ariel's data from the standpoint of their own specialist skills. This morning they would all meet to share their findings and plan towards an eventual trip to the planet's surface.

Beside her, Lysander was still asleep. Viola needed to pee but she felt disinclined to get up just yet. Instead she stretched languorously and let her mind drift back with erotic pleasure to last night's lovemaking whilst she wet the bed.

###

At Perdita's request, Ariel had configured the ship's meeting room theatre-style, with four pairs of chairs facing a lectern on a podium in front of the viewing screen.

The other couples drifted in. It went without saying that they were all physically near-perfect specimens of humanity, each with the light coffee-coloured skin and lustrous, dark wavy hair that were now the norm everywhere on Earth.

All of them were barefoot and were wearing the short, comfortable, lightweight belted tunics that were the usual indoor clothes both on Earth and on board a spaceship. With perfectly regulated temperatures and humidities there was no need for anything else apart from panties or male briefs.

When the voyage was being planned, Ariel had built up detailed psychological profiles of prospective crew members to ensure that the personalities of each of the four couples she selected were perfect matches for each other and that all eight of them would work successfully together as a team.

And Ariel's analysis had identified another trait that they had in common - all the girls liked to wet themselves and all the boys liked it when they did so. Ariel approved - their shared trait would be another useful factor in building a cohesive team. And in any case, to her it seemed perfectly logical. The ship's interior cleaning systems were 100% efficient so why waste time going to the lavatory just for a pee?

###

Perdita called the meeting to order and gave a brief introduction, then invited Orlando and Miranda to the lectern to describe the planet and its atmosphere.

Orlando spoke first. The geological structure of the planet was, he explained, remarkably Earth-like. Images and graphics flashed up on the huge screen behind him. The planet was slightly smaller than Earth so gravity was about 95% of that on Earth. It's axis of rotation was not tilted - Earth is unusual in that respect - so there were no seasonal variations, and a complete day/night cycle took about 20 hours.

Standing beside Orlando whilst he was giving his part of the presentation, Miranda's mind had wandered on to how urgently she needed to pee. She really should have taken care of it earlier, she thought. She didn't want to part her legs and piss on the podium floor whilst Orlando was talking nor was wetting herself a planned part of her own presentation. She told herself she would just have to wait until she was back in her seat. She could do it there, no problem.

The end of Orlando's part of their presentation suddenly jerked Miranda's mind back to the present. Already Ariel was flashing up graphics showing the chemical composition of the atmosphere - about 80% inert nitrogen, most of the rest oxygen, some carbon dioxide and traces of various other gases - much like Earth, in fact.

"Um....weather systems....." she was bursting! ".....similar to Earth....driven by hot air rising at the Equator...upper air flows towards the Poles converted by the Coriolis effect into a west-to-east flow at mid latitudes...." she felt her panties dampen and something trickled down her left thigh ".....polar regions around zero Celsius...."

Somehow she reached the end of her presentation without completely losing control and Perdita, who had been noticing her inability to stand still, gave her a conspiratorial grin as she called Cordelia and Bassanio to outline the biology of the planet.

Miranda hurried back to her seat, Orlando following. By now, everybody else was paying attention to Cordelia's description of the planet's life-forms - a rich variety of plant life but no sign of any animals - but Orlando noticed Miranda lift her tunic slightly as she sat down followed, a moment later, by an expanding puddle as she soaked her pretty little panties and the seat beneath her. He put his arm around her and kissed her lightly on the cheek.

###

It was been a long meeting, with much discussion and many questions to the experts in each field, supplemented by information and advice from Ariel, given in her soft, low voice that seemed to come from all sides of the room at once. When it eventually ended and they were filing out of the room, Miranda noticed that hers was not the only chair with a large wet patch.

They had agreed that Sebastian would pilot the ship-to-surface shuttle on a series of flights through the lower atmosphere to build up their knowledge of the planet before they attempted a first landing on its surface. Miranda and Cordelia would be passengers on the first overflight, taking a closer look at the planet's atmosphere and life forms.

Finally, Perdita had announced the result of their competition to name their potential new home. There was a clear winner, voted for by almost everybody. The planet would be known to them as Avalon.

Author's note

This story is the first of a possible new series. Like my earlier Valerie series, each story would be self-contained but would also form part of a sequence.

Feedback welcome. If you think the idea is worth continuing with, suggestions for future plot lines would be much appreciated. What awaits them on the planet's surface?

*004*2019-07-16 08:04

Thank you all for your positive feedback.

Mikey Mike, I like your idea of spreading subsequent stories over a long time-frame and yes, I promise there will be no flesh-eating monsters!

