A Different Kind of Stream

Author: omofan5

*000*2021-07-11 01:17

“OH COME ON I HIT HIM LIKE FOUR TIMES!!!”

Amber didn’t know what made her more furious, her screen showing that she died, her friends laughing in her headphones about it, or the fact that she definitely shot that dude in the head but the game chose not to register. It was probably the last one, but her friends' taunting didn’t help.

“And you guys can shut up!” She responded “At least I finished in the top 20! Joseph died when he dropped in!”

“Hey, that's not fair! I was rushed!” Joseph defended himself.

“Yeah don’t go after Joseph! At least he didn’t get killed by a guy who was like, one hit.” Her other friend, Millie said.

“You guys are going to make me insane.” Amber rubbed her temples as her friends continued to laugh. “Like seriously, if you don’t shut up I’ll scream.”

“Hey at least you have your simps.” The last person on the call, Will, said. “They’ll always be behind you.”

The “simps” he was referring to were Amber’s viewers. She had a sizable amount, nowhere near the number the bigger accounts on the platform had, but they were devoted. And always lively in the chat.

“They’re not my simps William.” Amber told him. “They’re my cherished fans whose support I greatly appreciate.”

“Support, and donations.” Millie added, causing all her friends and even some in the chat to begin laughing again. It was true that Amber got a lot of donations. More than she ever expected when she started streaming, and as much as she wished it was for her witty banter or skilled gameplay (both of which she had in abundance), she knew a large part of it was down to her looks. Her bright dyed orange red hair inspired by her name. A cute face, complete with freckles, glasses, and full lips. And the fact that she was “well endowed” meant that she was very popular with a certain type of fan. Sometimes she found it creepy, other times flattering, but mostly she tried to act coy about it. Like today, when she was wearing a tight, light green tube top that left little to the imagination and she was constantly pulling on to cover her cleavage. But since the camera was only on her from the waist up, she wasn’t wearing anything fancy for pants, just some comfy gray leggings.

“Let’s run it back.” She said to change the topic. And right when the party found a lobby Joseph announced he needed to pee.

“Seriously man? The match is about to start in like, 30 seconds.” Millie groaned.

“Yeah can’t you hold it? You’ll probably just die five minutes in anyways” Joseph joked, and Will agreed to hold it.

But the conversation made Amber notice the pressure in her bladder. She had been sipping on her large water bottle in an effort to stay hydrated, and before she started the stream she had an energy drink (a bad habit she was trying to kick) so she could stay focused while playing. While she wasn’t bursting, she was definitely uncomfortable and shifted her thighs in her seat as the match got underway.

Joseph’s prediction came true, and Will was indeed the first to die around the five minute mark. As he left to go to the bathroom everyone was still making fun of him, including Amber, even though she was secretly jealous. But she didn’t want to die intentionally, that would be letting her friends and viewers down, and her competitive nature made the idea impossible.

But as the game progressed, her little thigh shuffles turned into her pressing them together hard, and bouncing around in her seat. She was unable to stay still as she made the way around the map with her team, eliminating whoever they came in contact with. There were a few close calls but for the most part they were dominating.

“Wow, that’s like your fourth kill, Amber. You must be locked in.” Will said.

“That’s why she’s been so quiet. Cold blooded killer huh?” Millie joked.

“Huh-oh, haha yeah.” Amber didn’t realize she was being quiet, she was so focused on both the game and her bladder that she was hardly even paying attention to what her teammates or the chat were saying.

Looking at the chat, she noticed a few people wondering why she was so quiet.

“You look pale, and you keep bouncing around, is something wrong?” One of her subscribers asked in the chat. Reading that question caused her cheeks to burn red. She began to wonder how much she had been bouncing around, and if anyone knew what the real reason was? She decided to stop bouncing, but by now the need was so great that she had to keep her thighs pressed together tight.

“The rest of the squads are in the center of the map. I think we got them.” Joseph said.

“Yeah, let’s close in. You ready Amber?” Millie added.

“Huh?” Amber was caught off guard “Uhhh yeah I’m ready.”

There were five other squads left, Amber’s party eliminated one of them on their way to the center of the map. She got another kill and more plaudits from her friends and chat, but instead of the bragging she usually did she just asked if they could keep moving to finish as quickly as possible. Two more of the squads ended up being eliminated in fights with others. So now they had two more squads to take out.

“Let’s go in this building, it looks like a good place to snipe out of.” Millie said. However, as she walked up to the building, a proximity mine went off and she was eliminated.

“Shit! An ambush!” Joe yelled and suddenly they were being fired at, unsure of where the firing was coming from they ran back for cover.

“Shit, I’m low.” Joe took heavy fire from that attack, but Amber was mostly unscathed.

Well, in the game at least. The shock of the explosion and the gunshots caused her bladder to suddenly release itself in her chair, she felt the warmth grow in between her thighs and she tried to fight against her bladder and her opponents in the game at the same time. She was able to stem the flow, but she left a baseball sized stain between her legs, and she knew the chair was wet too.

“I-I’m fine- shit look out!” Forgetting her bladder for a second, Amber fired on an enemy that was trying to creep behind Joe and eliminated him. Two more came out of the building, and Joe and Amber exchanged fire with them. Joe managed to eliminate one, but soon after he was eliminated as well. Amber killed the other one and her friends and chat cheered her on.

“Woah nice clutch!” Millie said.

“Yeah that was sick, can you clutch the game though?” Will asked.

That last fight left Amber even more wet, now her panties were saturated, and she felt the fabric of her leggings and chair soak up even more of her hot piss. She was now hunched over, grateful that her camera didn’t show her wet leggings. But her cheeks were burning red and her chest heaving as she gained what little control she could back over her bladder.

“Y-yeah. I can win this.” Amber said, and the chat exploded in support. “Only one squad left? Easy clutch.”

Amber knew where to find the last squad, and she managed to get the drop on them, she killed one and fled before the final two could react. Her friends were basically screaming at this point, normally she would tell them to shut up, but she hoped they would cover up any hissing noises. The streams continued to flow out of her, much longer now, but she still hardly felt any release. The chair soaked in as much as it could and she was sitting in a puddle of her own warm piss, readying for the final fight of the game.

“C'mon you got this.” Will told her. “They ran inside that building. Be careful of mines.”

“I will.” Amber said. This was what she loved about gaming. Under any other circumstances she would probably be more careful, but the stress caused by the piss desperately trying to make it into her leggings caused her to rush her opponents. Catching them off guard in the staircase of the building, she quickly downed both and won her squad the match.

The chat went crazy, her friends went crazy, as the final cutscene rolled Amber couldn’t believe it. She actually was able to clutch the match. More and more pissed flowed out of her, so much that it began to drip onto the floor beneath her but she couldn’t care anymore. The joy and relief were too great. Whatever hissing there was was drowned out by her friends, and she smiled, looking down at her gray leggings turn darker and darker as her bladder completely emptied. She sank into her seat, her thighs and butt enveloped in a soft, warm wetness that she found almost comforting.

“Way to go Amber!” Joe yelled. Now that she was back in reality she shifted to thanking everyone of her friends, and the chat, and pretending as though nothing had happened started joking around with both. Every so often she would rub her thighs together, the warmth was cooling, and the wetness was drying. She still had a little left in her bladder so she thought she might as well go right there. And as she sat talking with her friends she felt her panties grow warm and wet once again, this time she enjoyed the feeling even more, even sneaking a hand down to her lap to press against her wet crotch.

Eventually, she signed off on the stream and left the call with her friends. She sighed and double checked that the cameras were off as she wheeled her chair away from her desk to examine the damage. Her butt was soaked. The dark, dripping material clung to her skin everywhere, and she had to pick it out once she stood up. Her chair was in equally bad shape, and while she could wash her clothes she knew she would probably have to throw the chair out. She was expecting a new one soon anyways. The puddle beneath her chair needed to be cleaned so she went to go get the supplies to do that. Before she left her room she peeled her leggings down to examine her panties. She had on a dark blue thong, and it was completely drenched. Not a single inch of it was left dry, and she examined her butt in the mirror, which also dripping wet. She sighed and threw her leggings in the clothes hamper as she checked her phone while grabbing the mop.

“What a crazy clutch!” The first tweet on her timeline read, it was a clip from her stream. In the final moments of the game where she killed the last squad, you could see her face in deep concentration, then suddenly, relief. She liked the fact that nobody actually knew why she was making those faces, and retweeted the video of her secret accident before getting cleaned up.

