Omovember Day 1: Long walk in the Woods.

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-01 18:59

Here we are with my first short for Omovember. Like i said in my last status,i took these prompts from several prompt lists on tumblr and a prompt list i saw last year. Today's prompt and two more were suggested by @sleeping_cat01

. Again,I'm not sure i'm gonna be able to do all the prompts i have chosen,but we'll see. Anyways,the prompts i've chosen are:

Day 1: Long walk in the Woods (Suggested)

Day 2: Returning home after work (Suggested)

Day 3: Desperate in a vehicle

Day 4: Holding it while watching a movie (Suggested)

Day 5: Needing to go while on a walk

Day 6: Trapped and Desperate

Day 7: Peeing at the Beach

Day 8: Peeing in a Barrel

Day 9: Peeing in an alley

Day 10: Fighting for the toilet

Day 11: Desperate in a Desert

Day 12: Desperate during a Photoshoot

Day 13: Holding it during a performance

Day 14: Desperate at the Mall

Day 15: Peeing in a Bottle

Day 16: Desperate during work

Day 17: Desperate during a mission.

Day 18. Desperate while in a Ferris Wheel

Day 19: Desperate while someone is already in the bathroom

Day 20: Desperate while drunk

Day 21: Assisted Peeing

Day 22: Interrupted while having to go

Day 23:Asking a neighbour to use their toilet

Day 24: Caught peeing in a strange location

Day 25: Locked out of the House

Day 26: Too stubborn to admit it

Day 27: Costume Party

Day 28: On a boat

Day 29: Peeing while disguised as the opposite sex

Day 30: Your choice

Now then,let's get started:

####

Day 1: Long walk in the Woods

"I'm so happy i get to see you again after so long." Malon said to Link. The two were now on horseback inside a forest. It had been years since she had last seen the hero. The last time they met each other,the two were still kids. Now as an Adult,Malon was still helping her father run Lon Lon Ranch.

"I really missed you. I'm glad to see you and Epona still get along." Malon said. "sometimes it feels pretty lonely at the ranch without you two."

Malon had dreams of one day getting swept off her feet by a charming knight. As she got older,that dream had slowly disappeared because of her duties. But now that Link had returned,those dreams were starting to resurface. Malon and Link had gotten off Epona and Link began looking through some of the plants. Malon clenched her hands and pressed them against her abdomen. Link's reappearance had been a surprise for her. She wasn't complaining and she had been happy to accept his offer of spending more time with her. But she had not used the outhouse before leaving and she was very quickly regretting that decision. It was really bothering her,but she didn't want to interrupt the trip. She hadn't seen link in forever.

Link returned shortly with a flower and placed it in Malon's hair. This caused Malon to blush for a second and smile.

"Aw....Thank you. You really know how to treat a lady." Malon said. Link himself blushed and scratched his head. The two continued down the woods. They both talked about what they've been up to in the past few years. Link had apparently been through quite the interesting adventure. But every once in a while,her bladder would remind her that she needed to take care of business soon. Whenever he wasn't looking, she would use one of her hands to try and ease the pressure. Eventually,the two stopped and ran off.

"Where are you going?" Malon asked and followed him. The two arrived at a lake. The sight of the flowing water didn't do a good job at distracting Malon from the urge to make her own flowing river. She turned to Link,who had pulled out a fishing rod from....who knows where. He then looked at her and smiled.

"Oh! Uh. Sure! I wouldn't mind doing some fishing." Malon said as she stood alongside him. Link casted his lure and waited for a fish to take the bait. All while Malon was standing there and trying to ignore the twinges going through her body.

Eventually,Link had caught a good amount of fish and the two were on their way again. By now,Malon couldn't stop thinking about how much she needed to pee and it was becoming increasingly clear that she would have to do it here in the forest. Which didn't necessarily bother her,it wouldn't have been the first time she had to take care of business outdoors. She looked at Link and hesitated for a second before asking.

"Link? can we stop? i have to umm..." Link turned to her,causing her to blush.

"...I need to...um......pee" Malon said with her last words trailing off. Link looked surprised for a bit but then nodded and took a few steps away from her. Malon took notice of this and she began looking for cover before settling for a tree a short distance away. She hid behind the tree and was just about to hike up her dress when suddenly.

*Rustle*

Malon let out a squeak and shoved her hands between her legs. Suddenly,Two Deku Babas appeared in front of her,causing her to let out a shriek. She tried to run away,but one of the Deku Babas had managed to get it's jaws around her dress.

"Ah! N-No!" The other Baba was about to take a bite,but link landed in front of them and with one swing,cut both of the Babas in half. Their heads landed on the ground and then disappeared in a puff of smoke. Malon watched as link turned to look at her with a worried look.

"I'm fine. Thanks to you. You're my hero!" Malon said while hugging link. However,another twinge in her bladder caused her to let go of him pretty soon after.

"I uhh...i don't think it's safe to do it here. But i'm not sure i can hold it until we get back." Malon said while standing on one foot and then the other. Link whistled and called Epona to his side. He then went to stand on Epona's left and kept his sword in hand. Link made no other movements and Malon quickly got the message.

She turned around and hiked up her dress. Before pulling down her panties,she looked behind her one last time. Link was still standing there with her back facing her. She smiled and turned back around. In one swift move,she pulled her panties down and then crouched while spreading her legs. She draped her dress in front of her and then closed her eyes to relax.

A stream of pee flowed from her and splattered against the grass below. Malon couldn't help but let out as sigh as the feeling of relief went through her body. She opened her eyes and turned around. He was still standing there,looking away from her with his sword in hand. A blush appeared on Malon's face once again. She looked down again and exhaled as her bladder continued to be emptied. Eventually,the stream weakened and came to a stop. Malon reached for a leaf and used it to wipe herself. She pulled up her underwear and let go of her dress and then returned to Link with a calmer face.

"I'm done. Sorry to keep you waiting." Malon said. Link turned around and gave her an understanding nod. He then sheathed his sword and got back on Epona's back,gently patting the spot behind him. Malon smiled and grabbed Link's hand. He then helped her get on the horse and the two continued with their trip through the forest. Malon rested her head against Link's back and smiled.

"....Maybe one day. Me and him..."

