Cult of the Lamb: Followers of Omorashi

Author: Omoras-He

*000*2024-01-27 19:18

Hello, I haven't really been that active here lately, but it's not like anyone really knows me so it's whatever I guess. Recently I have been playing Cult of the Lamb and it is an addicting game. There is also an abnormal amount of poop involved, to the point that I think one of the developers might have a thing. This story will not have poop in it, but it did get me thinking that it would be prime candidacy for omorashi fanfic with all this convenient scaffolding, and I was surprised when I couldn't find any. So I have written some myself, and it is one of the first fanfictions I've ever written, so like I've said before, quality is not assured. I think I've written the story in a way that allows it to be enjoyed by people who have never played the game, and there aren't any major spoilers. With all that out of the way I hope you enjoy the story.

...

"I will give you LIFE again, but at a PRICE! All I ask is for you to start a Cult in my name."

The Lamb reflected on their mission as they watched the beginnings of their cult begin to unfold. From a nearby vantage point, they could see the whole site and its people. There weren't many followers, but they were all hard at work. Building buildings, generating devotion, clearing trees; the work of building a society. One unfortunate thing about raising a cult from scratch is lack of commodities. In this cult they have barely anything! The followers sleep in sleeping bags, they eat on the floor outside, and there aren't any bathrooms! What most followers do is find a discrete corner to do their business in, and that's usually what The Lamb did too. As The Lamb was watching, they could see a few followers doing their business behind a large stone, but then out of the corner of their eye they could see someone squirming in the corner of their eye.

"An orange fox type follower named Bretyon I think." The Lamb thought to themselves. The fox was indeed the one they were thinking of. The Lamb watched as the follower continued to squirm and occasionally stick a hand between their legs. It looked like they had to pee, but why weren't they going? Were they pee shy? Can they not find a place to conceal themselves? The Lamb was able to watch the follower in great detail thanks to the power of the red crown, a tool gifted by the one who waits, the source of their mission. They continued to work, squirming more and more frequently.

"What are they doing?" The Lamb thought in deep confusion, and then something happened that they probably should have anticipated. The fox folded all the way forward with their eyes shut tight, their lip quivering in discomfort as they began to fully wet themselves. It lasted for a long moment as pee continued to cascade from their body as they let out a sigh of relief. A deep blush and a relieved smile began to creep across their face, they seemed to be enjoying it! As they finished, they looked around and then ran into a secluded bush as if to belatedly hide their actions.

The Lamb was confused in what to feel. The follower just peed themselves, but they seemed to enjoy it? The Lamb decided ask the follower themselves and came down from their lookout over the cult. Bretyon was still hiding in their bush, a look of embarrassment and self satisfaction on their face. They didn't notice as The Lamb walked up to them and they jumped, letting out a yelp, as they noticed The Lamb for the first time. Their blush grew brighter and they seemed to shrink further into the bush, but they maintained eye contact, as a good follower should.

"Great Lamb!" The follower started. "I uh... am currently occupied picking berries from this bush... yes that's exactly what I'm doing!"

The Lamb didn't buy the act, mainly because they saw what actually happened, but also because Bretyon was a bad liar.

"I saw what happened Bretyon, do you mind telling me why you had trouble finding a place to relieve yourself?"

"I-"

"And before you try to lie to me again, know that you are a terrible liar."

The fox looked down and continued "I... have an... obsession... with holding my pee." The fox began to look truly embarrassed. "I used to do it a lot before you rescued me from the old faith. I can't help myself! The pressure, the warmth of release it's just wonderful I tell you! Unfortunately it's part of why they had chosen to sacrifice me. They said I was unclean of both body and soul. When you said that your cult would be different, I thought-" Bretyon began to tear up from embarrassment. "I won't do it again."

The Lamb watched in shock as the follower began to break down in front of them. They seemed so deeply ashamed, and maybe a little afraid. The Lamb knelt down in front of the follower and laid a hand on their shoulder.

"It will be alright, I will not banish you from our cult and... I will not forbid you from your desires."

Bretyon looked up sharply as they heard that last part "really?! You mean it?"

"Yes Bretyon, as your lord and savior I say that these indulgences are your way of defying The Old Faith. When you engage in your habit know that it is with the authority that saved your life."

The fox was stunned for a moment, and then tackled The Lamb in a tight embrace.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" The fox squeezed tighter, and some of their wetness got on The Lamb. They seemed to notice this and pulled back reflexively. They shortly composed themselves and said

"Thank you. You are truly a great and understanding leader." And they walked off in their wet clothes. This gave The Lamb something to think about as they realized it was time for another crusade, and they stalked out of the camp.

The Lamb fought furiously. Minions of the old faith were no laughing matter when it came to combat. Venturing into enemy territory and fighting armies of their followers was the solemn duty of the crusading lamb. They finished the boss with a mighty sword strike, And the beast fell before them. Watching the beast fall, The Lamb began to hold themselves with one hand, holding their sword in the other. Having finished their work for the day, The Lamb egarly returned home. Crusading was hard work, and when you're the sworn enemy of the largest religion in the world, there isn't much time for potty breaks. The Lamb continued to hold themselves as they made their way to the teleport point to find their way home. The arrived at the megar camp and quickly began to sort out their duties. On a crusade, The Lamb would often rescue followers and it was their duty to indoctrinate the ones they sent back to the camp. It was three followers this time, a big haul!

The Lamb tried their best to contain their desperation as they quickly explained their cults rules and regulations to the newcomers. They finished by giving them the uniform of the cult, a ragged red shirt and brown trousers. As The Lamb watched them leave, the next that they had to do was cook for the camp. The followers depended on the lamb a great deal as is mandated by the cult's doctrine, so The Lamb needed to cook for their followers, lest they starve. 

The Lamb did their best to prepare all the food that was needed while simultaneously containing their need. They let out a leak every time they needed to swap hands, and the wool around their crotch began to develop an yellow tinge. The Lamb didn't wear much clothing, just the crown and the mantle that signified their status. To pee, the Lamb would need to manually part their wool away from their privates because of how thickly it covered their body.

As they continued to squirm and leak their wool began to get a little heavy. They were finally finished with cooking for the camp and only had one duty left, the sermon. The cult would grow anxious with out a sermon after The Lamb's return from such a successful crusade. The Lamb begrudgingly made their way inside the temple and called everyone in the camp to witness the sermon. As everyone finished gathering, the sermon commenced. As usual, The Lamb began to rise as they uttered the holy words. This made their wet spot visible to the whole cult and some seemed to notice. The Lamb bore the embarrassment and continued the sermon. Soon enough it was over and the followers began to leave.

As the last of the followers left, The Lamb fell to their knees, hands between legs. The pressure was unbearable! They tried a few times to get up, to move outside at the very least, but it was impossible. The Lamb began to shudder as their bladder let go, fully peeing on themselves. They didn't try to stifle it, they had already lost. Their wool absorbed a great deal of the accident as their crotch became heavy with urine and was dyed an off yellow. The Lamb began to groan as tiny puddle began to grow from under The Lamb. They finished their business and sat there in disbelief. They... had an accident, and in the temple no less! Panic began to set in as The Lamb began to contemplate the worst.

"The followers will lose faith!" The Lamb thought wildly. "I should be able to control myself! I'll be seen as weak, I'll-" a thought struck The Lamb at that moment. Using the same powers that let them call the whole cult to the temple, The Lamb called Bretyon to meet with them. A few minutes Bretyon walked in a little nervous.

"What do you need great leader?"

Still behind the altar, The Lamb stood up, showing off the results of their mess. Bretyon gasped in shock and there was a moment of silence.

"Some unfortunate circumstances have befallen me, and I require your assistance."

"What kind of assistance?" Bretyon said trying not to blush.

"Your interests have inspired me to make an addition to the doctrine a new ritual that you will help conceive." At this, Bretyon seemed to grow really excited. The Lamb figured that Bretyon believed that The Lamb was somehow engaged in their self described "obsession", but the truth of the matter was that this was an elaborate cover up to preserve the image of The Lamb and maintain faith in the followers. The Lamb called the cult back to the temple for the establishment of a new doctrine.

As the followers gathered, The Lamb began to speak the holy words of commandment, declaring that there will be a mandated ritual in which all available followers will soil their garments to prove their defiance of The Old Faith and their sense of propriety. The Lamb included Bretyon in the declaration to honor them and increase their own faith as well as the faith of the others. As the commandment ended, the lamb walked into the center of the temple and the cultists arranged themselves in a circle. Bretyon began the ritual with a contented sigh as a wet patch began to form on the front of their robe the rest of the cult followed suit.

Puddles began to merge as more and more robes became stained by the wastes of the cultists. By the end of it, the center of the temple had a puddle that covered the floor and caused each step to make a small splash as they exited. In all that, the cultists failed to notice that The Lamb was wet before hand, and under the guise of a new ritual, their accident was hidden. The Lamb left the temple and made their way to a nearby river as the plunged in to clean themselves of today's events. However, despite all their scrubbing, the urine had left a large stain around their crotch, and it was obvious what had occurred to them.

The Lamb stared down at the stain and found that it awakened something in them. Bretyon's words echoed in their mind "The pressure, the warmth of release it's just wonderful I tell you!" The Lamb considered the words and found themselves agreeing with them. With that they relieved themselves in their wool again and this time relished the feeling. The release of pressure in their abdomen, the spreading warmth as it soaked their wool and trickled down their legs, the heavy wetness of the aftermath, The Lamb found themselves enjoying it all and internally they thanked Bretyon for opening their mind to this. Maybe this new doctrine wouldn't be more than a cover up after all.

