Ada Wong and Carla Radames: Examination

Author: OmorashiWaifus

*000*2021-07-20 18:03

Beginning Note: This is the sequel to my previous story. It’ll be pretty different since there’s no zombie action or danger whatsoever aside from some flashbacks, but it’ll follow the same narrative/timeline if you will. This fic also breaks minor canonity with Ghost’s and Rebecca’s cameos, and severe canonity with Carla Radames’ role so I apologize if that upsets anyone.

It had been months since the tragic Raccoon City infestation and destruction. The handful of survivors were quite downtrodden, if not traumatized by the horrid incident. A couple of them managed to pull through, one of them being the spy Ada Wong. Of course she didn’t escape unscathed, quite the opposite really. A puncture wound on her thigh and a gunshot wound to her shoulder, coupled with falling down a story was really quite the hassle.

However, most people would have died, Ada merely shrugged these annoyances off, sealed them with first aid spray and some bandages, then continued to make her escape before Raccoon City had been wiped off the face of America. In addition she hadn’t even failed her mission. She was dangerously close to, when fortune smiled upon her.

A USS agent was seen holding an undamaged vial of the G virus in one hand, MP5 in the other. Was it HUNK? No, HUNK would have noticed her by now and possibly have snapped her neck. That man was the stuff of legends. Unfortunately, his teammates weren’t anywhere near as skilled or lucky, although this lone agent seemed to be the exception. This was her opportunity.

“Alright handsome, hand it over.” Ada demanded in a sultry voice and teasing smirk as she held her Mauser HSc to the back of the agent’s helmet clad head. He turned around, the mask having very visible claw marks and a missing eye lens. “Ada Wong, huh? Shit fucking luck.” the agent cursed to himself. “Made it through this shithole only to be stopped by the likes of you.”

“HUNK will be disappointed, but he won’t punish you. If I disappoint Wesker though, well I don’t even want to get into those details.” she sighed. Truthfully Ada knew she was too valuable to Wesker for him to kill her simply for failing one extraction, but there would be other consequences that she’d rather avoid if at all possible.

“Fine, I was planning on early retirement anyway. Umbrella couldn’t pay me to ever go through this again. I can help provide for my family some other way.” the USS agent grumbled as he begrudgingly handed her the vial. “Thank you so much.” she teased as she blew him a kiss. The agent let out a genuine laugh as they parted ways. The seductive spy had killed many before him and was willing to do so again, but she preferred avoiding it when possible, especially for inexperienced rookies like him.

“Almost reminds me of a certain someone.” she said to herself with a smile as her ride out of the forsaken town entered her view. After that, she took a long shower and changed into clean clothes. Albert Wesker was pleased with her success so she was rewarded with quite the paycheck, a vacation, and the two engaged in a rigorous session of sex to pass the night away. For an egomaniac bioterrorist with a god complex, he sure was an excellent fuck buddy.

Unfortunately Ada did not try her new kink, knowing fully well wetting Wesker’s bed or attempting any form of urination whatsoever was a sure fire way to piss him off (terrible pun I’m sorry), and even she wasn’t brave enough to explore that possibility. However with her newly earned time there were plenty of other opportunities, mainly with her new medical exam. Instead she excused herself to his bathroom for a lengthy piss like she did for the other affairs.

“Carla Radames speaking, how may I help you?” the doctor politely inquired over the phone. “Hey Radames, Ada here. I’d like to schedule an appointment, I discovered something.”

“What, are you infected?”

“You’d like that, wouldn’t you? No, I have no problem, however I need a medical perspective on a new habit.”

“New habit huh? This should be good. How would Wesker feel about this?”

“I wouldn’t know, because he’s not going to find out.”

“Same passive aggressive bitch as usual, although I suppose that’s your charm. That, and your huge rack, beautiful ass, and delicious-”

“We can continue this conversation tomorrow, good night.” Ada curtly hung up. The threats were quite the annoyance, although they were worth the medical exams, which were really just an excuse to get off.

While Ada had certainly been skilled in both the giving and receiving ends regarding lesbian sex, she usually preferred men. Carla Radames however, being both an experienced medical doctor and someone who got off on making others squirm in delight, knew exactly how to push each and every one of her buttons. Not one of their appointments had ended without Ada grasping the medical chair and releasing pornographic moans of orgasmic pleasure.

The next morning Ada made sure to drink copious amounts of tea, knowing full well it would speed up the desperation process and result in much clearer urination. Soon she arrived at the office, signed her name, and sat down, grabbing a magazine to pass the time. However it was somewhat hard to concentrate, the tabloid wasn’t very interesting whereas the anticipation of pissing and receiving a medical exam was enough excitement to keep herself occupied.

“Ada Wong, Radames’ ready to see you.” the secretary called. Ada nodded in thanks and briskly walked to the room, then knocked on the door. Carla opened the door, Ada could see the smug look adorning the blonde doctor’s face. “Well hello there sexy, glad to see you’re just as excited as I am. Look at you bouncing around, you weren’t so open about this before!”

“This is a bit different, just start the normal procedure and then I’ll explain afterwards.”

“Suit yourself, beautiful. You know the drill, take off your clothes but leave the panties on. And do it slowly, last time was hardly worthy of a strip tease.” Ada grimaced in annoyance but did as told, slowly lifting her dress and peeling it off, then proceeded to unbuckle her bra and hung both on a clothes rack. She turned to face Carla, noticing how the doctor was eagerly eyeing her. “Good enough for you?”

“Yes, very well done. Now, let’s start with these amazing tits.”

Carla grasped Ada’s left breast, feeling around for any lumps or other anomalies. Satisfied that there were none, she proceeded to rub and pinch the brown nipple, which quickly hardened in response. She blew air on it, causing Ada to gasp. Pleased, she repeated this procedure on the right breast, only this time instead of blowing air she twisted the nipple and areola. Ada yelped and almost jumped off the examination bed, but Carla eased her back down.

“Little early for that, don’t you think?”

“Maybe, but you always liked that part so I decided to speed up the process. Now, lie down.” Ada complied, and Carla continued her examination, taking note of her temperature and heartbeat. “Little faster and hotter than average, but I believe we both know that’s perfectly acceptable given the circumstances. Lower your underwear.”

“Actually that’s what I wanted to FUCK!!” Ada suddenly yelled in shock as Carla pressed in her abdominal region. “Jesus Ada, I know you’re ticklish but you’ve never reacted that way before? What’s gotten into you today?”

“I need to urinate.” Ada admitted with a blush as she looked to the side. “I’m aware that’s coming up soon but that was never an issue before. Did you drink more than usual…?” Carla began to trail off, suddenly sporting a wide grin.

“What? Yes I did but why are you looking like that?”

“Now I know why you called for this appointment, wanted to switch things up a notch, yes? I was wondering when we would try this out.”

“I’m confused, what?”

“I’ve done a lot of things to that voluptuous body of yours, from massaging, fingering, douching, and you go especially wild from the speculum. It seemed strange to me that you held back from engaging in urine play considering you were fine with the other activities. I certainly don’t judge and no-one else is going to know.”

“You knew?! How the fuck did you know, I didn’t even know!” Carla’s grin slowly dropped off her face, it was the first time Ada had ever seen her completely dumbstruck. “You’re kidding right? You’re not kidding, alright. So, I’m assuming this is the new habit we were discussing over the phone?”

“Yes, very new. I only discovered it because I pissed myself back in the Raccoon City incident.”

“Well I have to hear this, tell me everything!”

“Okay, well I was trekking the sewers looking for Annette when my bladder began to twinge. I couldn’t pee normally because if I removed my panties and squatted the T virus zombies could easily surround and kill me. I wanted to hold it in but knew wetting myself was the most likely solution. I was able to handle business like usual for the most part, but towards the end the anxiety and stress was catching up to me, causing me to feel extra sweaty and frustrated.”

“Kind of like now I can see.” Carla responded as she wrote notes on a clipboard.

“Uh huh.” Ada shot back as she started rubbing her thighs together from the diuretic tea taking effect on her body. “Well a small spurt escaped and I was shocked, not only because I was mortified, but because I realized it felt pretty good. Not just that small release, but everything else too. Holding it in gave me pleasurable aches in my bladder and groin, it was almost as arousing as fucking Wesker or being tested on by you.”

“This is definitely what I needed to hear. Keep going.” Carla encouraged. “Well we’re pretty much at the end. I saw a Licker and ended up having to kill it. It certainly sped up the process.”

“So you pissed yourself in fear, huh? Straight out of a horror movie! Never pictured the great Ada Wong in such a vulnerable position, cowering in her own puddle of urine.”

“Normally I would be offended at your petty belittling, but honestly I’m so proud of discovering this new kink, not to mention your description is just super fucking hot.” Ada admitted. “Now to why we’re here. First I want you to tell me how the hell you knew before I did, and if there’s any risk or danger.”

“So this is a real doctor’s exam. Well that’s a bummer.”

“You can poke, prod and do whatever the hell you want with me, just please tell me what I need to know and then you can make me cum hard!” Carla was taken back by how straightforward Ada was, usually her favorite patient had a surly attitude, probably annoyed that for once she was someone’s plaything, not the other way around. Clearly she was very concerned for her health and wellbeing, not to mention desperate for release in more ways than one.

“Fair enough. How did I know? Well to put it simply I’m a doctor. Of course my main area of expertise is being a scientist, but as you’ve experienced time and time again I know the human body well enough to absolutely make any patient or sexual partner begging for mercy as I manipulate their anatomy. Whenever it was time for a urine sample you seemed extra excited, even more so then whenever I inserted a speculum inside that tight cunt.”

“That was different, back then I was just relieved to get rid of the excess urine.”

“Maybe, but there was more to it than that, even if you didn’t know it yet. Your breathing would increase more rapidly and your nipples would get hard. I don’t care how desperate you were to take a piss, no-one’s body reacts that way unless they’re aroused by it. You could have simply been fantasizing about something else but every single time? It’s just not possible.”

“I guess that makes sense. Even if you’re the doctor though, I still don’t get why I was so late to my own party.”

“Well it’s a very rare fetish. If know one ever talks about something, and it seems taboo, it will never subconsciously enter your mind, even if the answer is right in front of you.”

“I suppose that makes sense. Now to the most important part, can holding in my urine and wetting myself cause any serious danger or health concerns?”

“Honestly? The short answer is yes, there certainly are. However, there’s no need to worry. Take the necessary precautions and you’ll be just fine. Urine is sterile, however when the urea is exposed to the air, it turns into ammonia and starts attracting bacteria. Wearing damp clothes saturated with urine can cause rashes.”

“That’s not an issue, I prefer pissing naked anyway, and even if I am wearing clothes or doing it in the bed I immediately take a shower and put everything in the laundry.”

“Clever girl.” Carla complimented as she pinched Ada’s cheek.

“As for holding it in, if you’re healthy bladder rupture and kidney failure are nonexistent. If you ever feel sick or in pain though, immediately stop and seek medical help. It can be from me or any other professional you trust, just make sure you take care of yourself.”

“That makes sense, continue.”

“Drinking does help, but make sure to stay properly hydrated. Don’t over or under do it. Urinary tract infections are the most dangerous risks. If you’re dehydrated and have yellow urine, do not try to hold it in. Drink properly and let go.”

“Alright, thanks. I know that peeing after sex or orgasm is also helpful in avoiding a UTI.”

“Very good Ada! You sure did your homework.” Carla gushed as she playfully patted her patient’s bladder. Ada slapped her hand away. “Not quite yet, there’s still more.”

“You like fruit, right? Especially berries?”

“What the hell does that have to do with anything?”

“Well, blueberries and cranberries are excellent against warding off UTIs, and cranberry juice is the perfect diuretic for you.”

“Oh, that’s actually very nice to hear.”

“I knew you’d like it, hot stuff. I have extra notes for anything else you need to know. Now, remove those panties, sit in that chair, and get ready for an extra special examination. You’re gonna cum and piss so hard it’ll bring tears to your eyes, so I made sure to bring extra wipes!” Carla declared, a sadistic gleam shone in her eyes. Ada was very familiar with that look. Carla never caused any pain whatsoever unless it was specifically asked for, but she loved toying with her playmates to the point of humiliation. “Speaking of wipes though, I have to ask.”

“Yes?” Ada questioned as she settled into the stirrups, her pubes and genitals on full display with legs spread wide open.

“You know you love urine play. Have you by chance tested out if you love defecation as well?”

“Ew, what the fuck?! That’s disgusting! I’ve been looking forward to this for days, don’t ruin it.”

“Ada, that’s rather rude, you should be ashamed of yourself.” Carla snapped. Ada felt some pangs in her bladder and crotch from both the doctor’s tone and facial expression and she gulped nervously. “Your fetish is almost as unheard of and looked down upon, not to mention downright similar. What gives you the right to judge and shame others for theirs?”

“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that! I’m just not into it, okay? Don’t…”

“Don’t what? Hurt you? Even though I should spank the daylights out of you for being so disrespectful, you know I have rules that I abide by.”

“I meant don’t leave me. I was wrong to be rude, I was just caught off guard.”

“Alright, I believe you. You’re lucky you're such an adorable and sexy young lady. Truth be told, I’m pretty put off by it as well, and I don’t want any imperfections regarding an ass as fine as yours. Before you question why I got mad if I feel the same way, I still felt you were being ruder than acceptable.”

“I’m sorry, really I am.”

“I know you are. Now, it’s playtime. Or maybe I should combine recess with divine punishment for being so bad, don’t you agree?” Carla playfully suggested as she pressed hard on Ada’s abdominal region. The spy moaned out loud, much to the doctor’s approval. She put pressure on other areas to warm her patient up, then decided to take things up a notch and began rubbing the clit, causing it to harden and come out of its hood, along with viscous liquid to moisten the pouty genital lips.

“Becoming so wet already, you’re such a fucking slut Ada! Despite all the mean glares and sarcastic comments I know you love being my sex toy, it absolutely turns you on, being humiliated by someone who knows all your dirty secrets. Domination, embarrassment, medical exams, and now pissing yourself? Such a dirty, naughty girl!” Carla exclaimed with glee as she began to pump two of her fingers into Ada’s cunt, the younger woman moaning her head off in absolute ecstasy from both the simulation and the words, playing with her own nipples.

“Do you trust me?” Carla suddenly whispered.“What?”

“Do you trust me?”

“Yes?” Ada answered, unsure what exactly the doctor had planned. “Good, you’re gonna love this.” Carla responded as she suddenly pulled out leather straps, restraining Ada’s wrists to the arm rests and her ankles to the stirrups. Ada had been restrained before during other exams so this wasn’t anything new.

“Okay, you better be right about this.”

“Does this answer your concerns?” Carla retaliated as she began tickling Ada’s bare feet. “Ack!! Stop it!”

“No can do, I know you’re enjoying it.” She began trying other areas, such as palms, arms, and abdomen. Ada was crying in laughter from the tortuous joy that had been inflicted, it was so painfully unbearable but was also such a high that she wanted more, when suddenly the doctor backed away.

“Wait, why’d you stop?”

“You were going to start leaking, which is way too soon. Besides, the tickling was just a warm up, now here comes the fun part.”

“Which is?”

“I’m timing you. You’re going to hold it for fifteen minutes.”

“What?! That’s ridiculous! I’ve been holding it for so long.” Ada moaned. “A five minute drive, ten minute waiting period, and another ten minutes during our exam? I’ve seen pregnant mothers with stronger bladders than you. Besides, this is for your own good.”

“How is this for my own good, you just want to torture me!!”

“While that is certainly true, you came here because you thought I knew what was best, and now I’m giving it to you. While I’m sure your first wetting was amazing, this will be so much more divine.”

“Yeah, well what if I go right now?”

“Ada, I promise you if I see you try to break free of your restraints or a drop of urine leaving those pussy lips and entering the bedpan, I will never touch you again. You can forget ever making a doctor’s appointment with me, unless it’s for a prescription.” While they both knew that was a bluff, Ada still didn’t want to risk it.

“I suppose if you want, maybe you can find another doctor. But will they attend to each and every one of your needs like I do? Knowing how hard it was to find a patient like you, you won’t find a doctor or nurse fetishist like me. Or maybe you can hire some prostitute with all that money you have, dress her up in a doctor’s coat. She won’t be able to protest since you’re the one keeping her from being in the homeless shelter, but she’ll also think you’re a twisted pervert. She wouldn’t be wrong either.” Carla admonished softly.

“Bitch go fuck yourself!!” Ada screamed at her doctor, angry tears threatening to leak. “Oh but I do. Honestly you’re such a greedy little slut Ada. Our playtime? It’s all take and no give. Every exam I touch you until you cum hard, trying out every fetish you’re curious about. The only orgasms I’ve ever received from you were from when I masturbate to the recordings of each session after I’m done editing them into videos and screenshots. You could touch me back, we could be fucking. But we’re not. Why? Because I’m a professional, I don’t fuck patients. Now repeat it yourself.”

“You don’t fuck patients.” Ada grumbled, looking like she was going to lose control by the second.

“Exactly. As I said earlier, we could take this outside the doctor’s office but you refuse. You wanted to remain doctor and patient so that’s what we are. Now you’re gonna sit there and find some way to keep yourself occupied, you understand me? If you come up with any activity make sure to ask me for permission first.”

“Yes.”

“Good girl.” Carla teased as she sat back down, watching Ada intently. Her patient had nothing to focus on other than her dire need to urinate and the harsh lecture she just recieved. These two combined were sure to have her crying her pretty little head off.

Sure enough, Ada began to let a couple of tears and sniffles loose, then began sobbing out loud. Carla was more than satisfied with this reaction, eagerly eyeing her patient as she continued to cry hard. She had seen tears before but full on sobbing was such a new and beautiful treat. The doctor loved breaking her patient with humiliation and emotional abuse, which she was getting a front row seat of. Ada shivered a few times and sniffled some more before finally settling down. The lecture and crying session had so far been around five minutes, ten more to go.

“Carla?”

“Yes, Ada, what do you need? Besides pissing yourself into oblivion?” the doctor responded with a sadistic grin. “Is it okay if I move around, just sitting still is going to make me burst, I need some sort of distraction, anything!”

“Alright I’ll permit it. However, if you feel like it’s going to make you piss, stop. If I tell you to stop, stop. Got it?”

“Yes.”

“Alright then, go right ahead.” Ada nodded in understanding and wiggled her shapely ass around the seat, creating a lovely sight. Soon the wiggling became some sort of gyration motion.

Carla stared in amazement and interest as Ada continued to gyrate her hips, thrusting herself in the air in a slow tempo, up and down, up and down. Her breathing became heavier followed by some moans which were added to the mix, and a fine sheen of sweat was coating her body. The doctor took special interest in her patient’s brown pussy lips. They seemed to be gaping, opening and closing almost like they were trying to grasp something. That’s when the realization hit her.

‘Ada isn’t just moving wildly because she needs to urinate, she’s fantasizing about a man fucking her! Not just casual sex either, it’s like they’re making love. I can almost see the mystery man sticking his cock in her cunt, going in and out, it’s driving her wild. Who is it though? Certainly not Wesker. It’s no secret she loves being railed by that madman, but they’re just fuck buddies. Whoever she’s thinking about, it’s much deeper than that.’ Suddenly, Ada stopped moving.

“Ah, the show’s over? I was really enjoying seeing you dance.”

“I had to, I almost let the floodgates flow.”

“Such a good patient. You’ve only got three minutes left, think you can hold on?”

“It hurts so much, I just want to pee.”

“I know baby, just hold on a little longer.” Ada squirmed every now and then but otherwise obliged. Her bladder and genitals were begging to release all the pent up liquid and frustration but she managed to hold it in.

“Time’s up. I suppose you’ve been a good girl, it’s time to take that urine sample. Let go.” Carla announced as she stood up. Ada tried, but nothing came out. “What’s wrong?”

“I don’t know, it’s not working! What’s happening?” she questioned in panic. Carla burst out laughing. “You’re getting pee shy, that’s adorable!”

“Bitch, quit laughing and help me!”

“How am I supposed to help? You’re the one in control of your own bladder.”

“I don't know, start talking dirty about me pissing or something. It’s worked before.” Carla obliged.

“You’re a big girl, Ada. Go ahead and pee, urinate into the bedpan. I want to see that waterfall of pale yellow piss.” Carla encouraged her patient. Ada began to convulse as she moaned, her crotch begging for release, which was followed by a scream of delight and a torrent of hot piss that hit the bedpan loudly. Eventually it became a steady trickle, followed by a couple of spurts, then a couple of drops. As with every other orgasm, Carla had it recorded to the minute detail, catching the whole erotic display on video, which she would also later edit into screenshots.

“Probably your best performance yet! I’ll masturbate to this for years to come. And I take back what I said about pale yellow, it's so clear!” Carla exclaimed in delight as she reached for wipes. First she took care of Ada’s pussy, taking great care to remove stubborn drops of urine clinging to her lips and bush. Next, she dried Ada’s tears, feeling quite pleased with herself. “I’m so tired, I just want to…” Ada couldn’t finish her sentence as she let out a yawn. Carla undid the straps and carried her naked patient to the examination bed, gently laying her down. “It’s okay, rest up. We can talk later. Mind if I take a couple of pictures while you sleep?”

“You’re such a weird slut.” Ada insulted as she closed her eyes.

“You’re one to talk.” Carla shot back as she snapped multiple photos from different angles. Around twenty minutes later, Ada stirred from her sleep. Carla noticed with amusement that the first thing Ada did when she woke up was check her genitals and pat the examination bed. “You didn’t wet the bed if that’s what you’re wondering. I did have a patient with that problem though.” Ada flushed, but raised an eyebrow at the latter topic. “Seriously?”

“Yeah, she’s this adorable petite Chinese college girl who had PTSD. She survived unscathed but the trauma was enough to inflict her with night terrors and chronic bedwetting. She had to sleep on towels which were changed continuously. Normally she was a very happy and upbeat individual but during our first appointment she was a sobbing mess.”

“I know you must have enjoyed that.”

“My duties as a legitimate doctor come first so I made sure to help her fully recover. She’s just a normal patient now. That actually brings me to my next point.”

“Which is?”

“I’m sorry for guilt tripping you earlier.”

“That’s a damn lie, you love seeing me in tears.”

“Oh, there seems to be a misunderstanding. Yes I absolutely adore your shame, seeing you sob like that made me so wet I’ll need to wash my panties.” Ada looked at her doctor with a disturbed expression. This wasn’t anything new in the slightest but hearing her admit it so blatantly was still something she was not used to.

“However I overdid it. Embarrassing you and being on the brink of pissing yourself were enough to make you tear up, I manipulated you into thinking something that wasn’t true. Yes, you’re always on the receiving end but I don’t despise or resent you for that. In all actuality you’re my favorite sexual partner.”

“What? How the fuck is that possible? You even said I’m the only one who doesn’t reciprocate.”

“I understand it’s complicated but hear me out. First off, you’re the sexiest and naughtiest pervert I have ever had the honor of pleasuring. More importantly though, you’re the only one of my sexual partners who truly understands medical fetishism.”

“Yeah right, don’t you play doctor with your other fuck buddies and patients?”

“No, they don’t get it like you do. The men I’ve met don’t give a shit about medical procedures, they just want to see me in an unbuttoned labcoat with my boobs on display. My female patients don’t find any of this erotic at all, it’s just an uncomfortable procedure that they want to quickly be over with as soon as possible.”

“It’s not their fault, this is kind of strange.”

“Oh, I totally understand. Still Ada, don’t you get it? We go through so many different medical fetishes with each appointment, you always bring something different to the table. Sometimes you’re such a stubborn and disrespectful bitch, and others you’re so vulnerable, tearing up and begging me to help you orgasm despite knowing fully well just how much your humiliation gets me off. I’ve seen so many different sides of you, and each and every one of them was erotically beautiful. Just like earlier, seeing you urinate like a spraying garden hose with pure bliss on your face. By the way, the urine sample came back completely healthy, keep at it.”

“Gee, thanks. I don’t get it though, why are you telling me all this?”

“This is your last examination with me, is it not? If it is I’m glad this is the one, it was such a beautiful finale. Although, I am disappointed you just now discovered your peeing fetish, I had a couple more experiments I want to try out.”

“Well we certainly can, because this wasn’t my last appointment. What the hell even gave you that idea?”

“I’m sorry, you don’t have a boyfriend?”

“No I don’t have a boyfriend, where is this coming from?”

“Earlier when you were gyrating your hips in the air, thrusting your ass in the air, you were fantasizing about making sweet love with him, weren’t you?”

“You could tell just from that?” Ada was starting to seriously blush. “Sweetheart, I know you’re an excellent spy and all but I’m an expert on all things sexual, especially regarding you. I was able to recognize most of your kinks before you did. And this wasn’t just some fling either, from the way you were moving I could tell it was romantically intimate.”

“Yes, I was thinking about a guy, but we’re not dating or romantically involved. Hell, I probably won’t see him for another couple of years and when we cross paths again it won’t be so friendly.”

“I need to know everything, give me the juicy details.”

“Well the guy-”

“C’mon, at least give me a first name!” Carla protested. Ada just glared, almost looking protective. “Aw, you’re actually worried for someone’s safety instead of yourself. He really must be special. Look, I’m no longer loyal to Umbrella, okay? You and your man have nothing to worry about.”

“Fine. His name is Leon, he’s a pretty boy with silver hair styled after Leonardo DiCaprio, and he was a rookie cop. I saved him from a zombified doberman and posed as an FBI agent.”

“And he just bought that?”

“It was his first day on the job, and I flashed a badge. Anyway we kept bumping into each other and eventually we decided to team up.”

“What made you so into him?”

“His pureness and resolve. At first I thought he was just stupidly naive, especially when I came across a father and his infected daughter. I was going to put her down, but Leon assured me the father would do the right thing. Sure enough, he did. As if that wasn’t enough, he was angry at me for hiding the truth from the father, and angry at Umbrella for causing the outbreak. What really sealed the deal though, was he admitted helping families like them was the reason he joined the force. That statement made me realize what a good man he was, how head over heels I was for him, and how it was an impossible dream. Or so I thought…”

“There’s still hope?”

“Some. Later he was so worried about me since I was injured and I had to land a kiss to shut him up. However, unlike all the others, that one was real. Unfortunately things weren’t so simple, he finally got his hands on the G virus. However, Annette had told him everything. He tested me, and despite wanting to believe in me so badly, he knew I was a bioterrorist. I couldn’t kill him, but I still drew my gun to see if I could get him back down and surrender. He saw through my bluff though, and challenged me to shoot him. I couldn’t though. That’s when things really went to shit, Annette shot me and the building collapsed.”

“So that’s what that scar is. Good thing she missed, she almost destroyed your right titty!”

“More importantly Carla, I’m still alive. Poor Leon thinks otherwise though, he tried to pull me up but ended up dropping me. I knew I’d probably survive the fall but he had no such assurances. I hope he’s not beating himself over it.”

“Ada, in all honesty he probably is, and will continue to torture himself over the guilt of thinking about you. But that’s only temporary. Wait for however long you need to, then find him and engage in the best makeup sex of all time. Also send me a video if possible.” Carla finished with a perverted grin.

“That’s it, I’m out of here. Thanks for the examination.” Ada sharply announced. “That’s the other thing I love about you, Ada. This entire conversation, you were naked without ever considering getting dressed. I wish my other patients were so thoughtful.” Ada blushed immensely, proceeded to get dressed in record speed without a word, then grabbed the clipboard of notes regarding urine health concerns. “So you remembered, good for you! Well, do come again sweetie. I’m really looking forward to seeing you piss yourself again.”

With that the spy was gone. So many thoughts were going through her head, from the examination, Carla’s seductively taunting words, and reading the list. All of this was distracting Ada to such an extent that she accidentally bowled right into a younger girl, sending them both tumbling. They both yelped in surprise and pain. Papers from the clipboard had detached and scattered everywhere.

“Oh I’m so sorry, I’ll help you with that!” the sweet voice replied. Ada noticed that the person she had run into was a petite, Chinese girl with beautiful green eyes and a pixie haircut. This must have been the bedwetter Carla had been referring to earlier. More importantly, the spy could tell that she was Rebecca Chambers, former STARS medic and one of the few survivors of the Spencer Mansion Incident. She looked a little older than her file photo, although that made sense since time had passed. The medic was currently twenty two.

“Oh it’s fine, no need to worry, just carry on.” Ada assured, not wanting the former police medic to discover her new kink. Unfortunately for her, Rebecca was already bending down, unintentionally giving the whole room a view of her small but curvy ass which was being hugged by jean shorts. Thankfully Ada seemed to be the only one paying attention, as the other few patients in the waiting room were occupied with their own issues. Rebecca handed Ada back her clipboard and she was about to thank the younger girl when she noticed something. The notes had been perfectly arranged in their original order. That, coupled with the fact that Rebecca was sporting a blush and sheepish grin, meant she had read every word. She probably understood the context as well due to her medical degree. Ada was fuming in anger and embarrassment.

“You...you read my EXAMINATION NOTES?!”

“I’m sorry don’t hurt me!!”

To be continued…

Ending Note: Well I bet you’re all wondering, just what the hell was that?! Honestly I’m just as bewildered as you are. To provide context, this story was always going to be a medical examination story, there was no question about that. However, the first issue was who would be Ada’s gynecologist/examiner? I was originally going to have it be a regular and realistic exam with some random dude or woman but figured while I love reading realistic gyno literotica, my writing isn’t anywhere near talented or polished enough to pull it off.

I needed it to be more personal, and sexier too. That meant the doctor had to be an established character. It wasn’t going to be Albert, I previously established while they hook up from time to time, even Ada wasn’t going to risk angering an extremely dangerous guy she wasn’t even romantically interested in. Annette Birkin certainly wasn’t going to be the doctor either, she’s dead and even if I wanted her alive the two can’t even be in the same room together without things getting violent, much less sexually involved.

Rebecca didn’t even occur to me until I wrote her in the ending, although I’m kind of glad about that which I’ll explain later. I think one of the Outbreak characters might have been a doctor but I clearly don’t know any of them well enough to attempt working them in this fic. I don’t know Carla Radames well either, but for starters I know her name, along with a couple other details about her. In addition, an Ada x Carla fanfiction gave me the inspiration for her base, flirty personality.

As for the humiliation fetish she had, well that’s when things started spiraling. Originally it was just going to be a simple joke played for laughs; something along the lines of Carla saying something like “I bet it must be frustrating that I can make you beg for that sweet release” and Ada replying with “Whatever just give it to me” or something like that. The context was basically implying Ada is a normally dominant woman who is forced to be submissive because Carla is the only one who knows and can give her what she wants, which is something she gloats about. However, my mind just went on autopilot and created this out of pocket fantasy where Ada and Carla share an emotionally sadomasochistic tryst.

Also here is the full of list Omorashi health concerns:

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/48231-omorashi-safety-tips/

