Valerie

Author: Ondinist

*000*2018-02-17 16:43

MORNING

Valerie stood between the cars, placed her legs wide apart and wet her knickers.

I passed her a spare towel and continued to load the shopping into the boot of the battered old Fiat hatchback that served as our holiday runabout. By the time I had returned the empty supermarket trolley and reclaimed my euro coin she was sitting on the towel in the driving seat with the back of her pink miniskirt hitched just clear of her damp briefs, taking a long swig from her water bottle. She started the engine and we drove off, leaving behind a rapidly evaporating puddle on the hot concrete.

As we drove back to her parents' holiday villa deep in the Tuscan countryside I thought back our first date in England two summers ago. Valerie had responded to my tentative first kiss with enthusiasm so I allowed my hand to slip down her back and beneath her short dress.

"My knickers are wet" she whispered. Indeed they were decidedly damp.

"What happened?" I asked.

"I don't like using those horrible outside loos at the pub, she replied, so when we left I relieved myself whilst I waited for you to come out of the gents."

"Do you often do that?" I asked.

"Sometimes in summer when the weather is warm, my legs are bare and I am wearing a short skirt. Not so much in winter, obviously. My parents took a free and easy approach to toilet training and my sisters and I have always wet ourselves from time to time, though of course we are discreet in public. You are not grossed out or anything, are you?"

"Not at all" I replied. "In fact I have always thought that a girl wetting herself is a decidedly sexy idea".

"Oh good" she said and a fresh wave of warmth filled my caressing hand.

Two years on we had become an item, living together in a Docklands flat rented from her father's property company on very favourable terms. The flat even had a balcony where we could spend long, sometimes wet, evenings together without being overlooked. Lucky? Me??

I came out of my reverie as we pulled off the road on to the long drive that led to the villa where her family spent as much of the summer as possible.

Valerie parked the car in the shade of the trees and as we started to unload she peed another stream through her knickers on to the gravel. Seeing her do so, her mother called out "Don't go leaving a trail of drips through the house, young lady! I washed the floors this morning!"

With a mischeivous grin Valerie gave me the bags she was carrying and said "Looks like you will have to do all the carrying in and the unpacking by yourself, Tom!"

AFTERNOON

After lunch under the shade of a pergola, where grapes ripened in the heat of the sun, we drifted out to sunloungers arranged around the swimming pool in the extensive grounds. Valerie's youngest sister, Amanda 18 and every bit as beautiful as Valerie herself, dived in to the deep end and swam like a fish the length of the pool.

After completing several lengths she walked up the Roman steps at the shallow end of the pool, picked up the towel from her sunlounger and started to dry her long, auburn hair. She spread her slim legs and a torrent of pee burst through her dark red bikini briefs, pouring on to the poolside paving. When she eventually finished both drying her hair and wetting the ground she flicked her long hair over one shoulder, stretched out face down on her sunlounger and unclipped her bra strap to tan her back. The pressure of lying on her front seemed to send a signal that her bladder was not entirely empty because she languidly eased her legs apart, the fabric between them glistened with moisture and a small stream found its way through the slats of her sunlounger and pattered on to the grass below.

Emily, Valerie's other sister, rose, stretched and walked with gazelle-like grace towards the pool steps. Her coral-pink bikini was a much darker shade around her perfectly-shaped bottom than elsewhere, making it clear that she too had wet herself recently.

The French navy one-piece swimsuit that their mother wore gave little away but surely it too was just that bit darker around the bottom than elsewhere? And could all of the large damp patch beneath her seat be attributed simply to the run-off from an earlier dip in the pool?

Eventually Valerie herself put down her book and stood up, lifting up her arms to tie her hair into a ponytail. As she did so her aqua bikini bottoms darkened and rivulets tracked their way down the insides of her flawless legs, forming an expanding puddle around her bare feet. She walked towards the pool steps, leaving wet footprints on the flagstones.

EVENING

Valerie's mother and sisters had gone out for the evening, leaving us in sole possession of the villa. Valerie had showered and was now wearing a faded pink t-shirt and this morning's miniskirt over a fresh pair of cotton hipster briefs from her seemingly inexhaustible supply. No bra, her pert young breasts needed no help.

Valerie had cooked a delicious seafood risotto with the ingredients we had bought that morning and we had dined on the terrace. By now we were now well on our way through our second bottle of chilled Soave as well as a litre bottle of mineral water. Valerie was sitting on my lap and snuggling against my chest with her skirt casually spread out and her long legs stretched along the bench . My right hand supported her back and my left hand was under her t-shirt, fondling each of her breasts in turn, feeling her nipples harden with excitement as I did so.

The evening was still and warm and the wine had given me a pleasantly heady sensation. A thrush - or was it a nightingale? sang nearby. "Nightly she sings in yonder pomegranite tree" I mused as I savoured the perfume of Valerie's freshly washed hair. brushing against my cheek. The afterglow of sunset gradually faded from the clear sky and one by one the stars came out The bright disc of a planet rose above the pine trees in the east. The scent of pine, rosemary, lavender and thyme filled the air as crickets hesitantly started their nightly stridulation.

Valerie stirred, turned and gave me a long, sensuous kiss. As she did so I felt a warm flood spreading across my lap. My shorts quickly absorbed all they could and her pee cascaded through the slats of the seat beneath me and on to the terrace below, adding the splash of a waterfall to the night's sounds. "I have been bursting for a wee for ages" she murmured "but I was too comfortable to move".

Valerie giggled as she felt me become rock hard beneath her soaking knickers. She stood up and took my hand. "Come on, big boy! Bedtime!"

*005*2018-02-18 21:42

{{On 17/02/2018 at 9:02 PM, lhansen said:

More please. Love the entire family, especially since they all seem pretty hot.

Already seems as though mom could be really something. Something about MILF's that wet themselves. Does she have a name?

}}

Tom says the girls’ mother’s name is Angela. She was just going to be a background figure but we can give her a slightly more prominent role going forward if you like. Certainly she is where the sisters get their stunning good looks from.

*006*2018-02-18 21:56

{{15 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Fantastic story can't wait to read more. Being allowed to wet has always been one of my favorite fantasies and this story ticks all the boxes!! perhaps at some point Valerie can elaborate to her lover on how "allowed wetting" started within her family circle?

}}

As Valerie says, her parents have always taken a free and easy approach. If there is no lavatory nearby, boys aim for the nearst tree, girls wet their knickers. The only rule is, do not do anything to cause embarassment or offence. That stll leaves plenty of scope.

