Lain's Doctor Visit

Author: OmoEva

*000*2021-12-28 09:50

Author Note: I added themes that didn't happen yet because well, they will happen in the next part or the part after the next part. Hope you enjoy!

The first part doesn't have a full blown accident. The second part will.

This is a link to the very first story involving Lain. Desperate In The Mall

(It also shows how she looks)

Lain got on the bus and sat down by herself. Putting her messenger bag on the seat next to her so no strangers would sit next to her. She would move it if the bus got too full and someone needed a seat. But normally she preferred to sit by herself. Mostly because if she did have an accident, she didn't want to get the other person wet too.

Lain had a bladder problem where she would get a sudden strong urge to pee and have trouble holding it in and leak. Her bladder would fill up rapidly. Despite her drinking barely any fluids. Lain was always careful on how much fluids she drank. She drank enough to stay hydrated but not enough to be bursting.

Today though she had to drink a lot of water for her doctor's appointment. She was hoping she wouldn't get that sudden strong urge. The doctor had told her not to wear any protection like absorbent pads or panty liners. Which made Lain extra anxious as any urine she might leak would show up on her jeans and panties. The doctor wanted to know how much she could hold in. See how severe her problem was.

To see if she was a candidate for the experimental pill treatment. She hoped she was. She wanted this problem to fix or improve at least.

Lain was looking out the window as the bus drove on. She took another gulp of her water bottle. She already was quite full. But it wasn't too bad. Lain could hold it in as long as her bladder didn't get that sudden strong urge. She took another couple of gulps from her water bottle.

As the bus slowed to a stop at the clinic. Lain stood up and put on her messenger bag. She got off the bus and started walking toward the entrance of the clinic. So far so good. But then suddenly she felt it. The sudden strong urge to urinate.

She stopped mid walk and squeezed her thighs together. Took a deep breath and continued to walk. She really had to go now. Her urethra quivering. She walked a little faster and went inside the clinic. Being greeted by the receptionist.

"Hello how may I help you?"

"I'm here for my doctor's appointment with Dr.Rourke. My name is Lain Peterson. Can you ask him to hurry? I'm really bursting here." Lain said with a blush.

The receptionist smiled "Sure hon, just take a seat and he will be right with you."

Lain took a seat. She didn't know how much longer she could keep dry. She squeezed he thighs together and was constantly shifting in her seat. The extra fluids from drinking a lot of water didn't help either. "Please just wait. I need to wait." Lain begged her bladder.

The door opened and a handsome man appeared in a doctor's coat. "Lain Peterson? Come on back with me."

Lain stood up and had to walk slowly to him. For fear, she would leak. "How much longer do I have to hold it?" She asked him.

Dr.Rourke replied "Not too much longer. I need to hook you up to a machine. See how much you're holding and how your bladder looks when it lets urine out."

Lain blushed "Doctor I don't know if I can wait that long. I'm really close to peeing myself."

He smiled and gestured toward a room for her to go in.

She went in and couldn't keep still, crossing her legs.

"I need you to take off your pants, shoes, socks, and underwear. I'll turn around if you need me to." He said.

Lain nodded and did as she was told. She didn't have time to care if he saw her. Slowly uncrossing her legs, she took off her shoes and socks. Next, she took down her pants and kicked them off. Once she got to the panties part, she was surprised to see her panties dry. But that was short-lived as a spurt of urine leaked out and left a small wet spot on her panties. She quickly pulled them down and stood there half-naked and about to pee herself.

Lain was shaking from the effort of holding back.

"I'm going to put this container below you. Once I connect you and see how much urine you're holding. I will want you to squat and pee for three seconds and then stop." Dr.Rourke explained.

He went grabbed a portable machine with a screen on it and got some wires. Two wires with circle ends that looked clear. He took off the paper on the back of them which had adhesive to stick to skin and went toward Lain. Putting them where her bladder area was.

Dr.Rourke then turned on the screen. It showed her bladder which was ready to pop.

"Good holding Lain, you look about ready to pop. This is great imaging. Now I need you to squat and pee for three seconds for me and then stop. Try really hard not to pee longer than that."

Lain squatted down toward the container. She relaxed and urine went into the container, she peed for three seconds and then stopped. Being in the squatting position made it even harder to hold it in.

"Doctor I think I might start leaking I can't hold very well in this position." Lain said with a shaky voice. She could feel her urethra quivering and ready to leak.

"Pee again for me for five seconds now and then stop. If you pee longer it's okay. But don't let it all out." He commanded.

Lain nodded and relaxed once more. She peed for five seconds but when she tried to stop she found that she couldn't. She sighed in relief. But then remembered what the doctor said and stopped peeing.

"You're doing great. This test is done for now. Stand up and use this towel to dry yourself off. Then you may get dressed and we can talk about the experimental pill."

Lain grabbed the towel from him and wiped her private area as best as she could. She still had to pee and the urgency was there making it worse. But he hadn't said she could leave to use the restroom. She really wanted to talk about the experimental pill that may solve all her problems. She had waited too long for this appointment to let her bladder ruin it.

She put her panties, socks, pants, and lastly shoes on. Lain sat on the chair to talk with the doctor.

"Now I think you would make a great candidate for this experimental pill treatment. You meet all the requirements. I actually want you to start it today. I have it here for you. Go on take it." Dr.Rourke said with a smile.

Lain stood up to take the yellow pill from his hand. That is when a big wave of pressure hit her bladder and she held her herself between the legs instead. She felt ready to flood her panties.

"Oh no. Surely you can hold on a few more seconds? This pill could help."

A blush spread across Lain's face, her legs shaking and struggling to hold back the flood. She felt her urethra relax. Two spurts of urine leaked out into her panties. Then two more until it was constant. She squirmed trying to regain control. Her panties getting wetter and wetter.

Lain managed to stop. A wet spot was on the outside of her jeans on the crotch area.

The doctor handed her a towel to dry her hands off with. Lain grabbed the towel with both hands and dried her soaked hands off. She still felt like she needed to go more. She had her legs crossed.

Taking the yellow pill from his hand, Lain put it in her mouth. It dissolved almost instantly on her tongue. It tasted like lemon.

"Just a warning, the pill does have some side effects. In most, it reduced the urgency symptoms. But some did report a couple of side effects. Which are: Feeling thirsty, A constant pressure on the bladder that gets worse when the bladder is full, Rapidly filling bladder that never feels empty even after peeing. Which can result in you not knowing if you have to pee or not."

"You shouldn't get all the side effects. But I recommend wearing underwear with an absorbent pad just in case."

Lain couldn't believe her ears. Had he told her sooner, she wouldn't have taken the pill. But it was too late now. The dissolved pill coursing through her body.

Dr.Rourke handed her a pill bottle with Lain's name on it.

"I came here for a cure and you're telling me that I could get worse?"

He smiled "I forgot to mention but those side effects are rare. Most don't get any of them. I just needed to say them so you would be aware."

Lain felt the urgency of her need to pee lessen and she uncrossed her legs. Maybe the doctor was right. Maybe she wouldn't get any side effects.

"I wanted to ask you something. Would you like to get dinner with me sometime? I know how unprofessional this sounds. But I would love to get to know you." Dr. Rourke asked.

Lain blushed, she couldn't believe this handsome doctor was asking her out. He also knew about her bladder issues which was a good thing.

"Sure I'd love to." Lain smiled.

*001*2021-12-28 10:54

Lain's Dinner Date - Part One

Lain had been taking the pill, Dr. Rourke had prescribed her for her bladder issues for a whole week. She did notice it helped make her urgency issue manageable. Which was great. Lain just hoped she wouldn't get any of those bad side effects that her doctor had mentioned. Time would only tell.

Today was the day of Lain's date with Dr. Rourke. Also known as Daniel. Lain was wearing a green blouse with jeans and flats. Underneath she had on a white bra and white panties. She put on some light pink lipstick. Normally she wouldn't wear too much makeup but she wanted to look good for Daniel.

She looked at her phone. There was a text from Daniel.

Daniel: I'm here, whenever you're ready.

Lain texted him back:

Lain: Be right there.

Opening the pill bottle, Lain made sure to take the pill Daniel prescribed for her. She put it in her mouth and it melted. The taste of lemon spreading. But then she looked at the bottle for the instructions. Today she had to start taking two. So she popped a second pill in her mouth.

Grabbing her phone and purse. Lain made her way outside. She was nervous but excited. She went up to the red car parked in her driveway. She saw the window on the passenger's side roll down. Daniel smiled "You look beautiful. Hop on in!"

Lain blushed and opened the car door. Getting in and putting her seat belt on.

"How has the pill been working for you?" Daniel asked as he drove.

"I noticed the urgency is more manageable and I'm able to make it to the toilet without any leaks." Lain replied smiling.

"That's great news! I am glad it is helping you. You started taking two pills today right?"

"Yes, I just hope I won't have any of the side effects."

"You'll be fine." He smiled.

They arrived at the restaurant. It was a fancy one. Daniel parked the car and got down from the car. He opened the door for Lain. Lain smiled and unbuckled her seatbelt, getting out of the car.

She and Daniel went inside the restaurant. Daniel spoke to the person at the front and said he had a reservation for two. The lady showed Lain and Daniel to their table. Lain sat down and looked at the menu. She started to feel strange in the bladder area.

Lain felt like a faucet had been turned on in her bladder. She could feel it filling up rapidly. Soon it felt ready to burst. She put down the menu. Unsure if she could even stand up without having an accident.

She felt so full. She had to go so bad. She never had to go so bad in her life. Lain felt her face blush red. She needed to hold it in. She crossed her legs tightly.

Daniel noticed the look on Lain's face. "Lain? Are you alright?"

Lain felt a tingling sensation at the tip of her urethra.

"S-Something isn't right. My bladder just rapidly filled up to the point of being overfull. I-I don't know if I can hold it in. I have to go so bad and if I stand up I might pee everywhere." Lain had tears in her eyes.

Daniel's eyes widened in surprise "You must be getting one of the rare side effects. I need you to let some out into your underwear. If you let some out it might help you make it to the restroom."

Hearing what Daniel said. It was almost as if her bladder understood. Lain felt some pee leak into her panties. It felt so good and she couldn't stop it as a spurt escaped. Dampening her white panties.

She felt more urine escape into her panties in the form of a slow trickle. Dampening her panties further. Lain could feel a small wet spot forming on the front of her panties. Quickly she held herself between the legs and squeezed her legs against her hands. Lain struggled to control herself, but the slow trickle wouldn't stop.

"D-Daniel I can't stop trickling into my panties. It won't stop. I'm scared. I don't think I can make it to the restroom."

Lain gasped as she suddenly felt a heavy pressure on her bladder. "Now I feel a heavy pressure on my bladder. I have to go so bad!"

"Lain it's okay, its just the rare side effects. They shouldn't be permanent, we will just reduce your dose back to one pill." Daniel replied calmly.

At this point, Lain was squirming in her seat. She felt ready to explode. Lain was so scared that she started to shake. The trickle increased to a faster trickle. Lain's heart was beating faster.

She was scared. Fear in her eyes. Lain tried to hold it in. She really did. But the fast trickle that had made a golf ball size wet spot on her panties, combined with the heavy pressure on her bladder, was too much for her. Lain felt her bladder being squeezed like a lemon.

"No..no..not here! Not now!" Lain exclaimed.

Lain exploded into her panties. Urine began hissing out and gushing through her fingers. Onto the chair and onto the floor below. Creating a puddle that kept growing and growing. Until she finally stopped peeing.

Her pants were soaked. But she didn't feel relief. She still felt like she had to pee.

She stopped holding herself and stood up. Looking at the damage.

Without a word, she walked towards the restrooms. Once inside she went into a stall and locked it behind her. Pulling her wet pants down and panties. She sat on the toilet. She felt the urge to pee.

Lain pushed but nothing would come out. She sat there for several minutes. Trying to pee some more. She felt the urge but it wouldn't come out. Lain put her panties back on and pants.

She left the restrooms and saw Daniel looking at her seat. "You really had to go huh?"

"Please just drive me anywhere but here. I still feel like I need to pee but nothing would come out in the toilet." Lain explained.

"Really? I'd like to take you back to my place. We can try and figure out a solution."

"Fine but I need to change my clothes. I brought some in my purse like I usually do. Out of habit. I need a shower too."

To be continued...

*002*2022-01-05 07:29

Lain's Car Ride

Lain walked out of the restaurant after Daniel paid. Daniel followed and got a towel from the back seat. He put it where Lain would sit on the passenger's side. Opening the door for her he waited for her to get in and then closed the door. Quickly going to the driver's side and getting in. He began to drive.

"We will figure this out Lain don't worry," Daniel said trying to be reassuring.

As he drove he noticed Lain was quiet. Her legs were shaking though.

"Lain are you alright? You seem quiet and your legs are shaking."

Lain could feel her bladder filling up like a faucet was turned on. She was struggling to hold it in. The constant pressure on her bladder didn't help either. By now her panties had dried but they wouldn't be dry for long. Lain couldn't pee in his car.

She really didn't want to. If she could help it.

"I-I have to pee again. It's bad. Like a faucet was turned on in my bladder and the constant pressure doesn't help either. I'm trying not to pee in your car. I don't want to ruin it." Lain said.

"Lain if you can't hold it, it's okay. But I'd recommend taking off your pants and peeing into the towel through your underwear. While holding the towel against your underwear."

"How much longer to your place? If it isn't long I might be able to hold it in." Lain said.

"An hour away. I don't think you can wait that long." Daniel said worriedly.

"Watch me." Lain said a bit irritated. It was after all his fault she was in this mess. If it wasn't for those two pills, she would have been fine.

Lain did take off her pants though. Just in case. Her white panties were stained yellow. But that was from earlier in the restaurant. They were dry for now. Lain had to go so bad, she couldn't stop squirming in her seat.

Daniel kept glancing every now and then at Lain's panties. He was feeling a bit turned on. Seeing her like that. Seeing her so desperate but defiant. He wondered when she would start leaking.

Soon Lain's bladder was full to the brim, basically overflowing the brim. But Lain still held on. The pressure getting worse, like a hand pushing down on her bladder. Lain knew if she didn't do something she might explode everywhere. She figured if she let little drops out, maybe it would help.

She relaxed a little and felt urine making it's way to her urethra. She felt pee at the tip of it. Ready to release. She was going to let a few drops out. Lain relaxed enough for the pee drops to come out.

One drop escaped, it barely made a wet spot. The second drop escaped this one a little larger. It caused a very small wet spot. The third drop escaped. Then a fourth this one was the biggest. Making the very small wet spot a little bigger.

Lain clamped down on her muscles and managed to stop. But it only made her bladder feel like it wanted to release more.

Daniel looked down discreetly at Lain's panties. A small wet spot he could see. He then looked back at the road.

She began to feel more urine making its way to her urethra. No this isn't what she wanted. Not now. She clamped down as hard as she could. Holding it back. She pushed a finger against herself to help her hold it in.

But her bladder had other plans. She felt a spurt of pee release against her finger. Wetting it. Instead of using her finger, she switched to holding herself between the legs tightly. Putting pressure against herself.

Daniel looked over at Lain. She was trying so hard to hold it in. He really wanted her to wet herself again. He knew it would happen eventually.

Lain felt another spurt escape and another. She was losing the battle. But she was determined to hold it in. Suddenly she felt a big wave of pressure hit her bladder. She felt tears going down her face. She let go of herself and pushed the front end of the towel against herself.

She knew she was about to explode everywhere. "Daniel I can't hold it in, I'm sorry."

Just as those words escaped her mouth. A loud hissing sound was heard. Lain was peeing herself again. She closed her eyes and let out a moan. She didn't feel relief because of that other side effect. But it still felt good to let it out. The towel soaking up the urine.

To be continued...

