The Professor's Predicament- Prof. Juniper (Pokemon)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-07-24 20:22

Story idea suggested by @Artist Nagito

$$

At the entrance of a hotel located in the region of Alola. A Pokémon professor was getting ready to leave for some research. Her name was Professor Juniper. Hailing from the Nuvema town in the Unova region,She had decided to come to the Alola region for a vacation. As well as to study the local Pokémon.

"*Phew* it's way hotter than i thought here..." Juniper said. She had heard about the temperature in Alola, but the heat had still caught her by surprise when she first stepped out of her plane. She reached for a bottle of ice cold water in her purse. She opened the bottle and continued walking while taking a few sips from it. Once she felt hydrated enough, she grabbed her map and started looking for somewhere to start her Pokemon studies. One of the highlights of the island was its beaches,so that seemed like a good place to start. Barely to contain her excitement,She put her bottle of water back in her purse and headed for one of the beaches.

###

It had taken a while,But she had finally arrived at one of the beaches. And as to be expected,The beach was full of other Pokémon Trainers. Some were relaxing,some were playing with their Pokémon and some even seemed to be practicing battle. But that wasn't why Juniper was here,She came her to study the Pokemon that resided here. The first Pokémon to get her attention was a wandering Litten . The Litten layed down and started licking its paws. The Professor slowly approached the Pokémon to take a closer look at it. The Professor tried to pet it,but it quickly got up and walked away from her.

The Professor scratched her head and kept following the Litten until she saw another Pokémon. A Grubbin digging through the sand, Juniper tiptoed towards the new Pokémon and tried to touch it. The Grubbin turned around and tried to pinch the Professor,but she quickly retracted her hand and backed away. The Grubbin then jumped into the hole it dug up and dug away from the Professor. Juniper sighed and looked around some more. She saw a few new faces and made notes on them. However,A lot of the Pokemon she saw were Pokemon she was already familiar with,so perhaps she had to look somewhere else. There were forests of plenty in Alola and places with huge amounts of grass were usually filled with Pokemon. She put her notes in her purse and grabbed her map to look for a forest.

"Hmm...There should be one nearby." Juniper thought as she looked at the map and pinpointed a forest. She put the map back in her bag and began making her way to the forest. She grabbed her water bottle again and took another swig from it. After doing so,she put the bottle back and continued down her path. In order to reach that forest,She had to make her way through a town. She had nearly emptied the bottle she just drank,so she made sure to stop by a shop to get herself some fresh new ones. She exited the shop and looked in wonder at the Pokemon that were with their trainers. She stopped for a bit and took out her notes again to write more down.

###

Eventually,She arrived at the forest. With a smile on her face,she steadily paced through the forest. Making sure to keep an eye out for any new Pokemon while keeping herself hydrated with another bottle of water. The first Pokémon that caught her attention was a sleeping Rowlet. The spot it was resting on was quite dark,So Juniper had to move closer in order to get a good look at it. Carefully tiptoeing so as to not wake it up,She pulled out her notes and camera and inspected the new Pokemon. Once that was done,She locked her eyes on another Pokémon; Pikipek. She moved closer to it and started taking notes again. That's when she felt something in her lower body.

"Oh,i need to use the bathroom..." She said to herself. She had been wandering around the Beach,the town and the forest for a while now and all the Water she had drank was starting to make her bladder ache. Despite the discomfort, she decided to ignore and started looking for other Pokémon to research.

###

"Aww,What a little cutie." The professor said she looked at the aptly named Cutiefly. The Cutiefly was currently getting some energy from the flowers. This made the Professor smile. However, She was really starting to regret drinking all that water. Her bladder had gotten pretty full and it was starting to bother her. She kept looking for Pokémon to research, But now the pressure was starting to get difficult to ignore. She looked around and saw many trees and bushes.

"There's nobody around. Maybe i can take care of this quickly..." Juniper thought. Making absolutely sure there was nobody around,She headed towards one of the bushes and hid behind it. She reached for her skirt and hiked it up,revealing some white panties. Right as she was about to pull them down however,A loud crashing noise startled her. She crossed her legs and jammed her hands between them, as the sudden noise nearly made her lose control. She straightened her skirt and looked around to see a big,pink Pokémon destroying some trees. The Pokémon looked at her with a blank expression. Juniper wanted to approach the Pokémon,but instead it started approaching her. The Pokémon threw a punch and destroyed a tree that was very close to the Professor. Juniper backed off and started running away from the Pokémon,who quickly gave chase. She was running,the kept one of her hands between her legs. All this running was making the pressure stronger.

###

Eventually,She hid behind a tree and waited for the Pokémon to leave. Once it was safe to come out,She walked away from the tree and continued her Search for Pokémon. However,her bladder sent another signal to her bladder,causing her to stiffen up.

"Oh! I really need to go!" Juniper said. She still had plenty off bushes to take cover behind. But after what just happened,That didn't look like a safe option.

"I'll have to head back to the town." She said to herself. There was no way the could focus on the Pokemon with how full her bladder was right now. However,there was one problem. She didn't know where in the forest she was.

"Oh no,which way did i come from again?"

###

It took awhile,But she had finally made it back to the forest entrance. She was steadily walking out of there with both hands between her legs. The pressure had gotten even worse during her search for the entrance and she felt the pressure with each and every step she took. She suddenly felt another jolt. She crossed her legs tighter and kept her hands there for a few seconds. Her face turned red,She could feel a wet spot in her panties. She started stiffly walking back towards the town. There had to be a toilet there that she could use.

She arrived at the town and saw multiple buildings. However,she didn't have much look finding a Toilet. A lot of the buildings didn't have toilets and the ones that did seemed to be for employees only. She stopped near a tree and looked around some more when she felt yet another jolt.

"No! No! No! I'm reaching my limit!" Juniper internally panicked. She kept walking and what she saw made her feel mixed. To her delight, she saw a restroom near one of the stores.But to her horror,there was a huge line in front of the ladies restroom. The Professor gritted her teeth and rubbed her legs together. She doubted she could hold it until she returned to the hotel so she decided to stand at the start of the line. She was unable to stand still. She kept rubbing her legs together,occasionally hunching over and pressing her hands against her crotch. Unfortunately,this did very little to help. She could feel another spurt escaping. She crossed her legs tighter and gritted her teeth.

"Oh please. Hurry up! I don't think i can hold it much longer!" Juniper said to herself. She certainly wasn't the only person with those thoughts,as almost all the ladies in the line seemed just as desperate as her. Unfortunately,the line seemed to be moving pretty slowly. She felt jet another twinge and looked at the front of the line again. She still seemed so far from the entrance of the restroom. She couldn't take it anymore.

"I can't hold it! I need to go now!" Juniper said as she quickly stepped away from the line. She walked back in the direction she came from. She kept walking and looking around for somewhere to relieve herself. And that's when she saw an empty alley. A blush formed on the Professors face. She didn't want to do this in public,But she had nowhere to go and she was on the verge of completely wetting herself. She quickly looked around and awkwardly ran towards the alleyway. She kept going deeper and deeper until she felt like she was out of sight.

Another twinge in her bladder caused her to stiffen up and cross her legs.She quickly hiked up her skirt and reached for her panties. Right as she began pulling them down,she lost control of her bladder and a bigger spurt came out of her private parts. Before anymore damage could be caused,Juniper hastily pulled her panties down and bent over. The spurt had become a powerful stream that splattered against the floor below her,creating a slight puddle.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh~" Professor Juniper let out as her bladder began to shrink. A wave of euphoria went through her body as her stream continued. Juniper spread her legs a little further to prevent the pee from getting to her shoes,while keeping one hand against the wall to keep her balance. The professor let out another sigh. She looked at the alleyway entrance. She did see a few shadows of people,but nobody seemed to be heading towards the alley. However, a sudden noise startled her. Her eyes widened and she tried to stop her stream,but no luck. She became nervous as the noises became louder.

However,She calmed down a bit after she saw that the noises came from a Litten trying to get through all the garbage. The Litten glanced at the peeing Professor and then walked towards one of the trash cans. It then squatted down and started peeing as well. Juniper just stared at the Litten with wide eyes and scratched her head. She looked away from the Fire Type Pokemon and waited for her stream to end. After what felt like a minute to her, the stream had completely stopped. Juniper stepped out of her panties and picked them up to inspect the damage.

"My,It's a miracle i didn't get my skirt wet." Juniper said to herself as she saw the very large and wet patch on her panties. The professor shivered as she felt a slight draft on her lower body. She reached inside her purse and pulled out some tissues. She used some of it wipe herself clean. She then stuffed a few in her lab coat pocket and placed the panties on top of them. It may have seen gross,but she didn't want to keep wearing wet panties until she got back at the hotel. So it looked like she was gonna have to go commando for now until she could return there to get a new pair. She exited the alley and sighed.

"I'm gonna have to keep an eye on how much water i drink on these trips." Juniper said to herself as she pulled out her map. A lot had happened,But the day was still young and there were plenty of areas she had yet to explore on Alola.

