Avalon 2: Weightless desperation

Author: Ondinist

*000*2019-07-16 08:06

On the day of the first exploratory journey into the atmosphere of Avalon, Sebastian and his two passengers - Miranda, the team's meteorologist and Cordelia, the life sciences specialist - gathered in the crew refectory for a pre-flight briefing.

"The shuttle is designed primarily for trips between the ship and the surface that take less than an hour" said Sebastian. "Passengers are strapped in their seats for the whole flight so obviously there are no toilets on board.

"But as you know, on this trip we're going to be be descending from orbit into Avalon's atmosphere, making detailed observations at low altitude and then climbing back to the ship again. The whole flight is going to take about six hours. Adult nappies are an option...."

"No way am I wearing one of those!" exclaimed Cordelia.

"Me neither!" said Miranda vehemently.

"In that case, are you both OK with wetting yourselves when you need to?"

They nodded. No problem there.

"Fine by me, but there are some things you definitely wouldn't want to do in your pants. Are you sure you're both going to be all right on that score?"

The girls nodded again. They had already thought of that and taken care of it.

"Right then. Time for Ariel's special brew!" The serving hatch in the wall opened and two large glasses of liquid appeared. "Drink up, this stuff is guaranteed to prevent space sickness."

It turned out to be slightly sweet but with a pleasant citrus flavour. Sebastian watched the girls drink it all down. Then, with a wicked grin, he added "It's also guaranteed to make you pee an awful lot!"

###

Sebastian led the way to the shuttle docking bay. It was the first time Miranda had seen the ship-to-surface shuttle - back on Earth they had been transported to the Lagrange space station on one of the much larger regular shuttles.

This one was short and compact with a fuselage consisting of a small cabin forward of the fusion reactor casing. At present its stubby wings were partly retracted into the fuselage below floor level. No windows of course; the cabin walls would display a 360 degree view of the outside world and screens at their seats would show the terrain beneath them.

Standing by the shuttle door, Sebastian paused. "One final thing. Once we leave the ship's gravitational field we'll be weightless for a while so if you think you might need to pee soon, best do it here. We really don't want half a litre of urine floating around the cabin in little droplets - a golden shower wouldn't even begin to describe it!"

Cordelia promptly squatted on her haunches, lifted up up her short white tunic and and wet her blue panties, two or three streams merging into a puddle between her feet.

Miranda was already feeling the need for a pee after the drink in the refectory. She squatted down and tried to relieve herself but, with the others standing waiting for her, she just couldn't get started. The more she tried the more her body refused to co-operate. Bladder shyness, at the worst possible time!. "Um.....looks like I don't need to pee just yet" she mumbled in embarrassment.

"OK then, let's go" said Sebastian, stooping to enter the shuttle by its midships door.

"Turn left for first class" murmured Cordelia ironically, viewing the spartan cabin dimly lit by its glowing ceiling. Its three seats each consisted of fine-mesh webbing stretched over a lightweight tubular frame that was bolted to the metal floor.

"Everything is designed to minimise mass" Sebastian explained. "But don't worry, the seats aren't as uncomfortable as they look. And you won't end up sitting in a puddle when you've wet yourself." He took the centre seat that faced the ship's flight console, a side-stick controller on each armrest. Behind him, Miranda took the left hand seat and Cordelia sat on the other side of the central aisle, both girls making sure their tunics were spread out clear of their panties.

###

The shuttle was drifting slowly away from the spaceship. Miranda was finding that weightlessness only increased her need for a pee. She tried to concentrate on the view outside but the cabin walls showed only pitch darkness with the occasional pinpoint light from a distant star. Mistaking Miranda's apparent tension for nerves, Cordelia gave her a reassuring smile.

"As we've just left the ship, we're travelling at the same speed as it is - that's about 15,000 miles per hour relative to the planet's surface" said Sebastian. "If we hit Avalon's atmosphere at that speed we'd burn up so first we need to do a lot of slowing down. As we do so, Avalon's gravitational pull will cause us to lose altitude. We need to get the balance between forward speed and rate of descent exactly right when we enter Avalon's upper atmosphere but don't worry - Ariel is doing all the difficult sums!"

"How long will we be weightless?" asked Miranda in a worried voice.

"About twenty minutes. After that, I'll change the engine thrust vector from reducing our forward speed to stopping us falling too fast and then it will feel like normal gravity again."

Twenty minutes! Could she wait that long? Her bladder was now sending urgent signals. On the spaceship she had fallen into the habit of wetting her panties as soon as she felt any need so she was rather out of practice at holding on.

Sebastian pulled back on the left-hand stick, the shuttle began to slow and Miranda felt herself being pushed forward against her harness, increasing the pressure on her bladder. He moved the other stick to the right and the craft commenced a long, banked turn and Avalon's curved horizon came into view on Cordelia's side, the haze of its atmosphere visible above the rim, backlit by the still hidden sun.

Miranda bit her lip. How long had it been? Much more importantly, how long still to go?

The shuttle gave a brief shiver. "We're just beginning to enter Avalon's atmosphere" Sebastian said. "Its very thin at this altitude, just wisps of gas, but it will get denser as we descend and that will also help us to slow down.

There was now just one thought hammering through Miranda's mind as she crossed and re-crossed her legs; 'I must not pee yet! I must not pee yet!'

The shuttle was shuddering continuously now. Sebastian moved his right hand slightly, the craft rolled back to horizontal and the planet became visible on both sides of the craft, in daylight now with fluffy white clouds just discernible far below them.

Miranda slipped a hand between her legs and held herself tight. Cordelia glanced across. "Are you all right?"

"I need to pee so badly!" Miranda murmured in distress. A tear rolled down her cheek.

Sebastian heard her. "Do you want me to hurry up the descent? It'll be a bit bumpy if I do."

"Yes please!" Miranda begged. Cordelia reached across and gave her free hand a comforting squeeze.

The shuttle 's nose-down pitch increased, the shuddering became a buffeting and the craft bucked and yawed like a trapped animal. The descent seemed to Miranda, who now had both hands crammed between her tightly crossed legs, to be lasting an eternity.

In fact it lasted too long. Cordelia saw pee start to spray through the fabric of Miranda's seat, forced downwards initially but soon slowing and breaking up into a cloud of glistening droplets suspended in mid-air. Miranda buried her face in her hands and sobbed in shame and embarrassment.

The craft started to level out and the sensation of normal gravity gradually returned . The suspended droplets began to drift hesitantly towards the floor around Miranda's seat.

Sebastian called out over his shoulder "OK Miranda, you can pee now!"

He turned to make sure she was OK. She was still wetting herself but now the pee cascading through the webbing of her seat was falling and splashing noisily on to the metal floor.

He gave her a cheerful grin. "That's an impressive flood!" he said. "I'm glad you managed to hold on until now!"

Cordelia gave Miranda a conspiratorial wink.

###

They had been flying above Avalon for nearly four hours, Cordelia and Miranda busily observing, recording and making notes whilst Sebastian focused on navigating the shuttle and avoiding any unfortunate mishaps, such as over-familiarity with any of the planet's mountain ranges. Fortunately for them, Ariel had already built up a comprehensive database of observations from the orbiting space craft and was continuously feeding telemetry to her onboard self to display, advise and, if needs be, to intervene to keep her children safe.

Sebastian had been right about the side-effects of Ariel's special brew. For the third time Cordelia paused in her work and sat with a faraway expression whilst pee poured through the fabric of her panties and the webbing of her seat to pool on the metal floor. Miranda's bladder muscles still ached from her earlier near-disaster so she had been making no effort at control, continuously leaking and spurting into her already saturated panties whilst she worked, her pee trickling through her seat to patter and drip on to the floor beneath her.

They had made a series of supersonic sprints starting at the north pole and heading towards the equator. Between each sprint they slowed to a low-altitude dawdle to sample the atmosphere and observe the land vegetation at different latitudes. These confirmed Cordelia's earlier observations from the orbiting spaceship, a rich variety of vegetation ranging from the tundra of the polar regions to an equatorial belt of tropical rainforests. Unsurprisingly, Cordelia did not recognise any of the specific plant species but overall it looked remarkably like Earth. In the equatorial region she caught an occasional glimpse of what looked like large, brightly coloured dragonflies but there were no other signs of animal life.

Bassanio would be on tomorrow's overflight and it would, she thought, be interesting to see what he might discover in the planet's oceans. Smiling mischievously to herself, she made a mental note to recommend drinking plenty of Ariel's special brew.

Eventually, Sebastian announced that it was time to leave Avalon's atmosphere and return to the orbiting spaceship. There was a chorus of protest from the girls. "But there's so much more to see!"

"We're getting such fantastic data!"

Sebastian was firm. "We're coming up to an ideal slot for intercepting the ship in orbit and it will be two more hours before we get another opportunity. And, at the rate you girls are wetting yourselves, it'll be up to our ankles by then!"

"Remind me, whose idea was it for us to drink all that special brew?" Miranda asked innocently.

Sebastian chose to ignore the question. "Anyway, I'm getting hungry!"

"Next time I'll make you a sandwich!" retorted Cordelia.

"Its a deal!" Sebastian laughed. "But now it's time to get going. You'd better stop swigging from those water bottles because we're going to be weightless again once we're in orbit. Time for one last pee if you need to, then I'll get the cabin floor cleaned up.

Reluctantly, the girls stowed away their screens and notepads. Cordelia sat back in her seat and added a fourth stream of pee to the flood beneath her. Miranda wished she had had more notice of the imminent return to weightlessness - she would have stopped chugging water from her bottle much earlier. She managed to squeeze out a few drops but she was all too aware that there was going to be a lot more in the pipeline. Sebastian touched an icon and a cleaning cube appeared and bustled around the cabin, leaving a completely dry floor in its wake.

Sebastian pushed the left-hand side-stick forward. The hum of the fusion reactor became a distant roar and the shuttle accelerated fiercely. He slid the right hand stick slowly back and the craft gradually pitched nose-up until they were leaning back in their seats at a 45 degree angle. A brief shudder as they pierced the clouds then, still climbing steeply they accelerated to supersonic, then hypersonic, speeds. It was, Miranda thought, rather exhilarating. On the cabin walls the girls saw Avalon's surface rapidly recede beneath them, the curve of the planet's horizon becoming more pronounced and the sky gradually darkening from blue to pitch black.

Weightlessness returned - and with it Miranda's need for a pee. 'This is bloody ridiculous!' she thought angrily. 'It can't have been twenty minutes since the last time'. Mortified by the idea that Sebastian might insist in her wearing a nappy on future flights, she was determined not to admit that she might be in trouble for a second time.

"Sebastian, how long until we're docked?" she asked in what she hoped sounded like a conversational tone of voice. Cordelia looked across at her and raised an eyebrow. Miranda gave her a bright smile.

"It will take about twenty minutes to catch up with the ship, then a bit longer whilst we match our speed and position precisely so that the davits can lock on and haul us in" Sebastian replied.

Once again the view outside was just inky blackness punctuated by occasional points of light but eventually the shuttle began to slowly overtake the spaceship in its orbit, creeping forward along its huge flank towards the docking bay.

Sebastian juggled with the two side-sticks, the docking bay door slid open and the davits locked on to the shuttle with a clang. The hum of the reactor died away and the craft was pulled into its dock. The sensation of gravity returned.

Miranda tried to look relaxed and unhurried as she collected together her notepads and recording devices whilst the docking bay was re-pressurising. Then Sebastian released the door and the three of them walked out on to the loading bay where the other five crew-members were waiting to greet them.

Whilst Sebastian and Cordelia answered their clamorous questions - "How did it go?"

"What did you see?" - Miranda stood silently beside them, pee streaming down the insides of her legs and pooling around her bare feet.

