Tinkle Park (Amy Rose)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-07-17 02:28

This story was suggested by @punkdoesvoices

$$

Inside a Cinema located in station square, Hundreds of humans and animals exited a theater room. Among them was a pink hedgehog named Amy Rose. She had just finished watching a long awaited movie and was currently busy finishing her soda. She stopped at a trash can right as she finished sipping what was left in the cup. She crumpled the cup and dropped it in the can alongside her empty popcorn bucket and made her way to the cinema exit.

"That was so awesome! It was definitely worth the wait. There were a few things the first Chao in Space did better though. But hey,the movie was still pretty good!" Amy said to herself. Her smile vanished when she thought about the empty seats next to her.

"*Sigh* i wish Sonic was here with me." Amy said to herself. Sonic always seemed to be busy and when he wasn't busy he would usually deny Amy a date. She only managed to get a date with him once,and he skipped out on that one because he was supposedly "trapped in a book". Even now,Amy was unsure what to make of that statement. Amy was incredibly obsessed with Sonic several years Ago,which was the main reason why the blue hedgehog would avoid her. Now several years later,she still had feelings and admiration for him. But now he was more willing to spend time with her thanks to Amy not being as clingy as she used to be. It had been many months since Eggman's last attack and it didn't seem like the doctor was gonna show up anytime soon,so now seemed like a good time to get a date.

The pink hedgehog found herself wandering around aimlessly in Station Square. Admittedly,one of the side effects of this much peace is that there was nothing eventful going on. With not much to distract her,She took notice of the pressure being built up in her bladder. She now realized the mistake she made by leaving right after the movie was done. She hadn't gotten up to take a bathroom break during the movie,So her bladder was pretty full now. She was already pretty far away from the Cinema and the sun was starting to set,so she decided she could hold it until She got home. Despite the pressure in her body,Amy kept going at a Steady pace. She had nowhere to go now and it wasn't like her bladder was near it's limit.

Amy kept going at a steady pace,but stopped in her tracks when she saw some familiar blue quills.

"SONIC!" Amy yelled. She made a beeline towards the blue blur and warped him in a tight hug,catching him by surprise.

"I'm so happy to see you here!" Amy said.

"A-Amy. Uhh,fancy meeting you here." Sonic replied while trying to break free from her hug. Amy let go of Sonic and grabbed his hand.

"I just watched Chao in Space 2. It was awesome! You should've been there." Amy said.

"Meh,i already saw it online" Sonic replied,earning a disappointed look from Amy.

"Well,still. The day is not over. Do you have any plans?" Amy asked.

"I was planning to go on a jog. Y'know,like usual." Sonic said.

"Okay! Sweet! You have time! Let's go on a date!" Amy said. Sonic was baffled by this and started protesting,but amy quickly reminded him of the one date they were supposed to go on. Sonic gave her the same "I was trapped in a book" story,but she was having none of it. Eventually,Sonic sighed and agreed to go out with her.

"I don't have anything to do right now anyways."

"Yay! Thank you!" Amy said. She grabbed his hands and started dragging him along with her.

"Where are we going,anyways?" Sonic asked.

Amy started thinking. What would be a good place to have a date? She rubbed her hand on her chin and tried to think of a place. While she was thinking,she could feel the pressure in hr bladder yet again. But she shrugged it off,as she could just use the bathroom in Whatever place they were going.

"Hey amy. Over there!" Sonic said. Amy turned to Sonic and saw him pointing at an entrance. One she was all to familiar with. The entrance to Twinkle Park. Amy's eyes lit up,she had been wanting to return to this park forever. Last time they went,things didn't go so well thanks to Eggman. And to her delight,The "cute couples get in free" rule was still in place.

"YES! OH MY GOSH! YES! LET'S GO!"

Amy said as she once again dragged sonic along. She kept running with a smile and looked around.

"Oh! Let's try the hover cars!" Amy said.

"You don't need to drag me,Amy. I can keep up with you just fine." Sonic said. Amy giggled and let go of Sonic. The two walked up to the booth and their eyes widened when they saw the long line in front of the entrance.

"Dang...Looks like we're gonna here for quite a while." Sonic said. Amy sighed and waited while the line slowly got shorter. The line may have been going slow,But that didn't lower Amy's excitement even slightly.

"Isn't this exciting? We finally get to have a date together without robots attacking us!" Amy said.

"Don't say that. Otherwise we're gonna get jinxed." Sonic said. Regardless,Amy remained excited. She stood still and waited. But now that she was at a standstill,she felt her bladder pressuring her once again. Amy looked around and there was a restroom near the entrance. However,There were also other couples standing behind her. She knew that stepping away from the line right now would mean going right back to the start of it once she was done. So she decided to keep holding it. This is a theme park,the toilets at the entrance shouldn't be the only ones.

###

Sonic and Amy were finally at the front of the line. They stepped foot in the hover car and it immediately took off,courtesy of Sonic. Amy quickly grabbed onto her seat.

"Woah!! Sonic! Slow the car down!" Amy said. Sonic complied and the two went slower. The car was still going pretty fast,but not so fast that it would break a speed limit. Amy sat there taking in sighs while Sonic drove them to their next attraction.

"Where to,Amy?"

"Oh uh...." Amy thought about. Suddenly,She felt the entire car shaking. Amy quickly crossed her legs as she felt the pressure get stronger.

"Whoops! Sorry! It's kinda difficult to control this thing!" The driver said while speeding off. Sonic checked the vehicle and it didn't seem to have taken any damage.

"You good,Amy?"

"Y-Yeah,I'm fine." Amy replied. She sat upright again and waited for them to get on the other side. While she was waiting,she looked at The darkening sky and all the stars that were starting to become visible.

###

Sonic stepped out of the car and helped Amy get out of the car.

"Alright,Amy. Where to next?" Sonic asked. Amy thought for a second. There were so many attractions to explore and some of them even seemed new. She ultimately decided to take the rollercoaster to Pleasure Castle. While they were heading,her bladder started being a bother once again. Amy looked around but all she saw was a lot of people and zero toilets. She ignored the pressure and held onto Sonic's hand.

They then arrived at the entrance to the roller coaster. But of course,this one also had a line. Amy clenched her fists and groaned.

"Calm down,Amy. I'm sure it's not gonna take that long." Sonic tried to assure. Amy just looked at him kept holding his hand while trying to ignore her need.

###

"WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!!" Everyone cheered as the roller-coaster speed up. Even Sonic was cheering. Amy on the other hand didn't seem as excited. The way the roller-coaster was moving made it a little difficult for her to hold herself. Maybe using the rollercoaster wasn't such a good idea. But then again,without a rollercoaster it would take much longer to reach Pleasure Castle. And while Sonic could no doubt close that distance in a short matter of time,She wasn't sure she could keep up with him with her bladder as full as it was right now.

Thankfully it didn't take long for them to reach the entrance of the castle. The two stepped out of the rollercoaster and entered the castle.

"Wow. Did they give this place an upgrade or what? There weren't this many attractions in the castle last time." Sonic said. Amy didn't answer,right now she was focusing on finding a bathroom so she could take care of things.

"Oh! Hold on! I see a food stand over there. BRB!" Sonic said. Way before Amy could speak up,Sonic disappeared from sight. Amy shook her head and kept looking around. There had to be a bathroom around here somewhere. She looked around and she found some good news and bad news. The good news were: There was indeed a bathroom here. The bad news were: There was a long line in front of it,much like the attractions.

"It's fine. I'll just hold it for now until we can find another toilet." Amy said to herself. She stood there and waited for Sonic to comeback. After a while,Sonic returned and he was holding two cups of Chao Cola.

"Here,i brought us some drinks" Sonic said.

"O-Oh! Sweet! Thanks Sonic!" Amy said. She grabbed the drink and hesitated for a bit. Her bladder was pretty full right now,so this was the last thing she needed. But on the other hand,he bought it for her. So she ultimately decided to drink it while the continued to walk and look for an attraction. For a few seconds,the taste of the cola made her feel good. But it didn't take long for the pressure to come back again.

"Everything will be fine. You can hold it until you reach another bathroom." Amy said to herself.

###

"Why did i drink that cola?" Amy said to herself. She now found herself completely unable to stand still. The Cola had made its way through her bladder way quicker than she thought. Right now she was shifting her weight from one foot to another while she was watching Sonic try his luck at a ring game. She was starting to believe the Cola might've been spiked,because she had seen multiple bathrooms while they were wandering around the park and every single one of them had a line.

Sonic had finished the game and had one a flickie plushie,wich he handed to Amy. Amy was happy that she received a gift from Sonic,but that happiness was quickly overshadowed by pressure.

"Oh! I need to pee!" Amy thought.

"Hey! Looks like the fireworks show might start soon. Shall we get going?" Amy hesitated to answer. She really wanted to use the bathrooms,but she law how long the lines were and she didn't want to miss the show. So to the show they went. It took a while,but they eventually reached the top of the castle. Amy currently had both of her hands between her legs and she was lagging behind Sonic. The two stopped at a Balcony and looked down.

"Wow....Quite a view." Sonic said.

"Y-Yeah. It is." Amy said as she tried and failed to stand still. Sonic turned around to check on Amy.

"Are you good?" Sonic asked.

"Y-yeah! I'm fine." Amy said. Sonic raised an eyebrow but he shrugged it off upon hearing everyone counting down.

5....

4...

3....

2...

1...

The fireworks went off. Many colors and shapes appeared in the Sky. A sight that amazed every couple in the castle. Amy was enjoying the view as well. But her bladder kept distracting her from the display.

"You know. I'm glad we decided to go on this date. I've been having a blast." Sonic admitted. He turned around and saw Amy standing there with her legs crossed while bouncing her body up and down.

"Amy? are you sure you're okay?" Sonic asked. Amy was about to say yes again,But a sudden jolt in her bladder quickly shut her up.

"Sorry,Sonic! I need to pee! I'll be right back!" Amy said. She ran away from the balcony,leaving behind a confused sonic. She ran towards the last-seen bathroom with one hand between her legs. She arrived,but to her horror,there was still a line there. Amy stopped at the back of the line and started hopping on one foot to the other.

"C'mon! Hurry! This is an emergency!" Amy said. She looked around and there were multiple ladies displaying various levels of desperation. One cat suddenly stepped out of the line and ran away.

"No! No! No! I'm gonna wet myself! I'm gonna-" The girl kept whispering to herself while she ran past amy. Amy looked down and noticed a few spurts on the floor. She groaned and tried her hardest to think about anything other than pee. But her mind kept going back to pee.

###

The past few minutes had been complete torture for Amy. Her bladder was reaching its limit now and she was worried she was gonna end up like that cat she saw earlier. She held her crotch tighter and rubbed her knees together with more force. The sound of a flush quickly caught her attention and her distress briefly turned into happiness when she saw someone leaving a stall. Now that she was at the front of the line,she wasted no time running to the now free stall. She closed the door and hastily pulled down her shorts and underwear. The very second she turned around,a few spurts of pee escaped. She sat down and lost all control of her bladder,allowing all the pee that had built up to escape and splatter against the toilet bowl below her.

Amy leaned against the toilet and let out a big sigh of relief. She felt like she was in heaven right now. She closed her eyes and relaxed.

"That was way too close....haaaah..." She said to herself. Once the feeling of relief wore off,she sat upright and waited for the stream to end. She was surprised by how long the stream had gone on for. Maybe they really DID spike the Cola with something.

"Umm..Excuse me? Are you done yet?" A girl outside the stall said.

"Almost." Amy replied.

"Please hurry up! I'm about to wet myself!" The voice said. Amy reached for some toilet paper and waited for her bladder to be emptied. After a while,her stream turned into a few drops. Amy wiped herself clean and then flushed the piece of paper down the toilet. The very second the opened the stall door,a rabbit entered the stall and quickly started unbuttoning her jeans. Amy quickly closed the door and shook her head. Now that she no longer had her bladder distracting her,she remembered that Sonic was still waiting for her. She washed her hands and then quickly made her way back to the balcony. But she didn't have to walk very far as she saw Sonic approaching her.

"Oh! Sonic. Uhh..S-Sorry for running off like that" Amy said.

"You know,Amy. If you needed to go,you could've just told me." Sonic said.

"I know. I'm sorry." Amy said while blushing.

"No need to apologize. When you gotta go,you gotta go." Sonic said. Amy smiled and kissed him on the cheek. Sonic let out a "Blech" and wiped the kiss mark off,causing Amy to giggle.

"C'mon! The night is still young! Let's go visit some other attractions!" Amy said.

