Dr Patel

Author: omocat511

*000*2016-07-28 18:53

She had worked her way up in her job. She was a fantastic nurse, with many, many people relying on her. She worked the most critical cases now, and nothing could stop her. Elle had a darkness about her, sure, but that she kept seperate from her work life. She worked on the cardiac unit, saving peoples lives following cardiac arrest one after the other. She was looked up to. The doctors respected her, which was unusual, doctors didnt normally respect nurses.

It was the middle of the night, during a callout, where her professionalism was put to the test and completely challenged. It was 1am when her pager went off. "Cardiac alert for Dr. Patel. Get here fast," said the operator. She was out the door in five.

Dr. Patel was a very respected cardiologist. He was a very handsome, young Indian man whom everyone loved. He had a tendency to be shy around Elle, she was very beautiful. They worked together all the time, but tonight would be very different.

She arrived to the OR, they were about to have to open this patient's chest and do a STAT bypass. She was the only nurse. They had an anesthesiologist, Dr. Patel- the cardiac surgeon, and two surgical techs to assist. Long open chest surgeries can get boring for nurses, as they are just monitoring.

Two hours into the surgery, and things were hazy. Elle sat on a stool behind Dr. Patel, ever so slightly noticing something off about him. He looked more tense than normal. His shoulders hunched over, he was shifting his weight from foot to foot. This wasnt like him, Elle thought. She has sat through 8-9 hour procedures with him, and he performed flawlessly. He was frustrated, sweat dripping from his forehead. Something wasn't right.

Another hour passed, and Dr. Patel looked frantic. Elle seemed to be the only one noticing, since her job was simply to monitor. Dr. Patel turned around and made eye contact with Elle. He had a very worried look about him. She looked down and realized his legs were crossed. Dr. Patel had to pee. This was certain.

Elle tried not to let that fact distract her from her concentration. One more hour of this procedure and another surgeon would take over, meaning she would get relieved as well. Dr. Patel seemed to be getting worse. She tried not to let this fact bother her.. it was a very dark secret of hers.. something about seeing a man desperate to pee did something unspeakable to her. Seeing Dr. Patel like this was killing her on the inside, but she must remain professional.

Thirty minutes passed, and doc was bent over at the waist, having trouble working. He was scrubbed in, meaning he was sterile. Elle felt so sorry for him, he kept turning around to look at her, wondering if she noticed.

**Dr. Patel's POV**

"It hurts so much. So, so much. God I hope I can finish this case. The pressure between my hips, I wish my scrubs weren't tied so tight. I think Elle knows," he thought. He turned around to look at her one more time. The pressure was building up quickly, he couldn't even squeeze his crotch because he was wearing sterile gloves, not to mention the patients blood up to his elbows. He kept sweating, and knew he couldn't hold on much longer. He wracked his brain for a way out. Only thirty more minutes, I can make it, he thought, but deep inside, he knew he was lying to himself. A small stream escaped the head of his penis, and he hunched over and moaned slightly. He could feel the dampness on his boxers, and prayed nothing was showing up on his scrubs. He thankfully was wearing a blue sterile gown, so if anything showed up, it may have time to dry before the other surgeon showed up.

Fifteen minutes, Dr. Patel looked at the clock. He continued to work, small spurts escaping every so often. His boxers were increasingly damp, and he was sure at least some of his scrubs were wet. He looked again behind him and Elle was looking at him, worringly. She knew.

*Elle's POV**

"I dont think he can make it.. oh god.." She thought. He turned around, looking at her for help, as he always did when things were going south. They usually were going south with a patient, though. Elle got up and walked closely behind Dr. Patel. "Doc.. whats wrong? I can tell somethings up," she whispered in his ear. "Nothing, Elle." He whispered back, frustratingly. She heard the coldness in his voice and sat back down. She wanted to hear him say it. But she knew the pride doctors carried around. He'd never admit it.

His legs were crossed, and every 15 seconds or so he'd hunch over, his bladder spasming. Small spurts kept escaping, and he was sure now his scrubs were soaked. She walked back up behind him, and whispered "do you think you can make it? Keep trying to hold it.. I know you can.."

Just then, the other doctor walked into the OR scrubbed in ready to take over. Dr. Patel nearly ran out of the door, ripped his scrub gown off with his back towards the OR so as no one would see the wetness on the front of his scrubs. He looked down, assessing the damage, and it wasn't as bad as he thought. There was about a 3 inch wet spot right across the front of his pants, clinging to his dick. Elle followed him closely, selfishingly wanting to witness him completely wet himself, and at the same time feeling so much pity and remorse for him, he was clearly in pain. "Dr!" she stalled him. This was her dark side, being revealed. "I can't talk now Elle" Dr Patel said, literally, running into the Dr's lounge. Elle stopped dead in her tracks, and leaned up against the wall, trying to compose herself. She shut her eyes, greedingly imagining him, his knees locked, hand shoved over his crotch squeezing his penis, attempting to stop the flow, but losing complete control.

**Docs POV**

The moment he tore his scrub gown off, he lost control. Piss erupted out of him, fast, drenching his pants. He ran towards the doctors lounge, knowing if there was any chance of his regaining control, he could change his scrubs and even shower, and no one would see what was happening. "Doc!" Elle said. "Not now!!" He screamed back, instantly feeling guilty for his tone of voice. She was a fantastic nurse, gorgeous too. He always had a crush on her, and he would never let her see him in this state. He opened the door to the lounge, finally out of her sight, and squeezed his penis hard, stopping the flow.

His scrub bottoms were soaked in the front, but he was determined to make it to the bathroom. He began to walk, leaking with every step. Just as he was about to open the door, his bladder gave up. The floodgates forced themselves open, and he was peeing full force, into his scrubs. He stood there, kneeled down, and peed until he was empty, he moaned at the relief, and felt defeated. He was frozen, he couldn't move. His bladder had taken over his body, and as urine poured out of him, he realized he was no longer alone. Elle had followed him into the lounge, and was standing behind him, witnessing this respected surgeon completely wet himself like a little kid.

**Elles POV**

Something took over her. Her own, selfish fetish took over her brain. She had a feeling what was happening on the other side of that door. Throbbing, between her legs, she opened it, and saw Dr. Patel on his knees, hand shoved on his penis, completely soaking himself. There was a massive puddle on the floor below him. She walked around to face him, and his eyes were shut, tears streaming down his clenched face, ashamed. "Oh.." she gasped, feeling such remorse and so turned on at the same time. She held his face in her hands, wiping his tears. "Elle" He said. "Shh, just let it out Rahul..relax, I won't tell anyone.." She felt silly, but appropriate given the situation calling him by his first name. She could see through his tight, soaked scrub bottoms clinging to his penis. She could see the outline of the head of his penis, and even see the steady stream bursting through the soaked fabric. She was breathing heavily, she realized. How could she be so turned on at someone elses expense?

**Docs POV**

Elle was on her knees, holding his face in her hands, wiping his tears, when the stream finally died down. He couldn't open his eyes to look at her, so he only stared at the floor, the soaking floor beneath him. "Shh.." she said, and helped him up. "Lets get you cleaned up." She held his arm as they both walked into the showers. "Elle, please.. I'll pay you whatever you want if you just don't tell anyone and forget about this.." He still hadn't made eye contact, but he could hear her breathing. She was trying to help him. Her nurse instinct was coming out, obviously. He was too ashamed, and weak from holding for so long to fight her.

"Don't be rediculous, it was an accident. I won't tell a soul, and I will forget about the whole thing." She knew this last part was a lie. How could she be so sweet, and understanding? He wondered. He finally looked up at her. They were standing in the locker room, alone. He looked at her eyes and realized something. She was bright red, biting her lip hard. The heavy breathing, the lip biting, and the blushing.. she was enjoying this. Was she.. turned on?

She lifted his shirt off of him. It was soaked up to his belly button, it being the massive accident it was. She stared at his belly, imagining what his bladder looked like before the accident, bulging between his hip bones. He was letting her touch his belly, his waist, and his hips. She couldn't hold back any longer. She planted her lips on his, and he kissed back hard. "Shh.." she said again when he began to whimper. She ran her fingers through his hair, and soft moans escaped his throat. She pressed her body against his, the wetness of his scrub bottoms getting hers wet, and she felt his penis getting hard. She continued to kiss him, running her hands down his body, and grabbing his hard penis through his soaked bottoms. She tugged at the strings, and the scrubs fell to the floor hard, with the heaviness of the pee. His boxers were completely soaked. This turned her on like never before.

"Why... do you.. like this?" Dr Patel asked. "I.. g-guess.. a little, maybe.." She answered embarrased. He pushed her up against the wall hard. She pulled down his boxers revealing his massive hard penis. He stripped her down naked, lifted her, and she wrapped her legs around him. He entered her forcefully, and they both came faster than they ever have before.

