Heavenly Relief (Lady Palutena)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2023-01-03 04:08

I've been wanting to do something with Palutena for a while now and this short is based how i imagine some goddesses would relieve themselves.

&&

"WOAH! LADY PALUTENA!!!!" Pit shouted as he flew through the narrow cliff gap between the mountains. Thanatos was planning to use a trojan horse to destroy a human city and as the Captain of Palutena's Army, it was his duty to make sure those plans didn't come to fruition. And the fastest way to do that was to fly through a shortcut he and the goddess of light found. But pit was an angel that couldn't fly on his own. So he needed assistance from the Goddess of Light,Palutena. She would always grant him the Power of Flight so that he could easily reach his missions faster. She was the one in charge of controlling the flight path and Pit fully trusted that she wouldn't lead him into danger.

"Argh!!! Lady Palutena! MAYBE TAKE IT EASY A LITTLE?!"

But that didn't stop him from getting worried every once in a while, like right now.

"I know it's a little overwhelming Pit. But if we don't go as fast as possible, the town will be destroyed!" Palutena replied.

"IT'S NOT THE SPEED THAT I'M WORRIED ABOUT LADY PALU.....LOOK OUT!!!!" Pit said as he barely managed to dodge one of the mountains edges.

"Ngh...." Palutena groaned. Looking visibly strained. She was standing in the middle of the temple of time right now. In front of her was a display showing pit flying through a bunch of spikes and rocks wedged between the mountains.

"Just a little longer...." Palutena said to herself. Unaware that pit could hear her.

"Yes! I can see a light up ahead Lady Palutena." Pit said.

"Huh?" Palutena said confused. Sure enough, she could see a light up ahead. Looks like they were about to reach the end of the shortcut. Palutena smiled, seemingly happy that they were about to reach the end. But that smile disappeared upon hearing something crash.

"Lady Palutena! We are under attack!" Pit yelled. Several boulders crashed against the mountains. Palutena took a deep breath and began swinging her staff around, allowing Pit to evade the incoming debris. These movements seemed to put a strain on Palutena's body as she had a grimace on her face.

"Aaargh! Pit yelled. Palutena quickly leaned back. Her eyes glued to the display. A rock had landed right in front of pit, wedged right in front of exit,With Pit's face hovering a few inches below it.

"*Phew* for a second i though i was finished." Pit said. Palutena let out a sigh of relief. But her face quickly became strained again. She raised her staff and allowed Pit to fly over the boulder. The two exited the shortcut just in time to see Thanatos about to destroy a human city. Thinking fast, Palutena aimed her staff forward and Pit rocketed towards the boulder that was about to destroy the city. Thankfully before it could collide with the down, pit destroyed it in one swoop with his blade, catching Thanatos of guard.

"Not today, Thanatos!" Pit said. With confidence, Pit dove towards the Trojan horse Thanatos rested on top of.

"Well, i never! What a Party Pooper!" He said as he fled from his spot. Pit landed on the horse and his wings stopped glowing. Indicating that the Power Of Flight was no longer in effect. He then gave chase to Thanatos inside the horse.

###

"*Phew* That should buy me some time..." Palutena said as her staff disappeared. With both her hands free, she began walking away from the screen with her hands pressed between her thighs. Her bladder was very full right now. Yes, even Goddesses needed some relief. Being a goddess meant Palutena was able to hold it for very long periods of time. Longer than any angel, let alone any mortal. But still. Despite being a goddess, she had a limit. And right now, she was very quickly approaching hers.

Her temple had plenty of bathrooms to spare. The problem was, the bathrooms in her temple were of the "Ancient Rome" variety. As in; they were a bunch of seats with holes right next to each other and they didn't over much in terms of privacy. It wasn't uncommon to see soldiers of Skyworld chatting with each other while they did their business. Wonderful for them, But Palutena (And a lot of godesses in general) wasn't one for doing her business where everyone in Skyworld can see her.

No, she had her own personal spot where she would relieve herself if the need arises.

She closed her eyes and warped out of the room. She reappeared in the middle of the sky. There was nothing here. No angels, no toilets. Just the sky and a bunch of clouds going on for miles and miles. Palutena reached under her dress and draped the front, revealing a pair of white panties. Her panties began glowing before vanishing. The wind blew across her legs, causing her to shiver and let out a few spurts. She moaned and gritted her teeth. She spread her legs a little and after a few seconds, She relaxed.

A powerful stream of urine spurted out of her most sacred area. The stream landed and splattered against the clouds below her.

"Ohhhhhhhhh~" Palutena moaned as she leaned her head back. Her eyes unable to stay open. An overwhelming sense of relief washed over her body as she released all the urine she had been holding for a long time. Her stream continued to splatter against the clouds. Creating a small puddle before it sunk into the clouds below.

Palutena continued to relax as her stream continued. Basking in both the relief and the silence this "room" provided. It may not have been an actual toilet, but being away from the eyes that would've otherwise been present back at the temple made it a lot easier for Palutena to do this without feeling nervous.

A minute later and her stream hadn't slowed down yet. Palutena opened her eyes and looked down. Her stream let out a few sparkles while splattering against the clouds. She looked around for anything to keep her occupied while her bladder continued to release it's pee.

After a few more minutes,her stream seemed to finally slow down. Palutena let out another sigh and raised her hand. A light appeared around her privates and then disappeared. Any drops of pee that were around her privates had disappeared. Shortly after that,her panties reappeared and she let go of the front of her dress.

"Phew" sweet release..." Palutena said to herself before realising something.

"Hopefully Pit didn't get into trouble while i was gone..." Palutena said nervously. Hoping she wouldn't come back to her screen to see the words "i'm finished" over pit's body.

With everything taken care of,she warped out of the "room" and returned to the temple.

*003*2023-01-06 19:43

{{18 minutes ago, Kingofkong said:

I'm not sure why the it has a white highlight over it.

}}

I use this website in daytime mode, so didn't notice what you meant until i switched to nighttime.

I usually write and save my drafts on a different site and then copy and paste the finished story here. So that's probably why. I just edited them out, hope it looks better now.

