She is forbidden to pee when she gets up - Page 2

Author: Omo_lovers

*000*2025-03-31 00:40

The trafic jam seems pretty big and going to last a long time. The Dom, who enjoys watching the girl suffer from the need to urinate, feels her bladder a little again and continues to force her to drink without stopping. Finally, she finishes one of the two bottles.

She has a little less than half a liter left to drink. She, with her throbbing urethra, can't stop thinking about how much she needs to urinate now. Although she isn't urinating the same way as before, she knows very well that it's going to end worse, much more desperate, to the point where it's difficult for her to walk because of the pain in her bladder and the sensation of pressure in her urethra, feeling that at any moment it will open on its own and she will urinate completely without being able to do anything.

It's too much water, and this traffic jam will give the water time to fill her bladder even more.

The car isn't moving at all. She looks desperately at the now-empty bottle and asks:

- Can I use this bottle to pee? I can't hold it in 😣

She notices her wet clothes and doesn't know whether to let out a few more streams of pee. Maybe it won't be noticeable... or maybe it will make the situation worse.

She's nervous, waiting for her Dom to allow her that little bit of relief in the bottle... but he answers:

- Looks like this traffic jam is going to be a while. Maybe I need that bottle to relieve myself; I have to pee too. If you want a bottle for yourself, you'll have to finish the liter one, and we'll see if I'll let you use it, since you're taking too long to finish it.

She looks at him in horror; there's a lot of water left, more than space in her bladder. He's peed twice while making her watch and listen to him without her being able to empty her bladder completely, and she doesn't want to have to watch him fill the bottle again, indulging himself while she pees so much and is still forced to keep drinking, so she opens the bottle and takes three good gulps. She knows he won't let her use the bottle that easily.

When he touches her bladder, she sees his cock get hard. He loves seeing her trapped in this situation, stuck in traffic, unable to pee, and telling her to keep drinking nonstop while he hears her complain, beg, and say that she pees too much...

