Drip Drip...

Author: OmoLegend

*000*2018-02-18 13:56

Drip Drip.

The shower was dripping all night.

I woke up, rubbed my eyes, and looked at the clock. CRAP! It was 7:40 and I needed to be at school at 8:00. I slipped on random clothes and headed out the door. I walked for about 2 minutes. No, why now? I thought. I had to pee. On a scale from one to ten on how desperate I was, I was at a two. Oh well, I can hold it for sure. I continued walking. I hope.

I arrived at the school. Thank god, i'm on time. I sat at my desk. Mr. Harrington started teaching his boring stuff, I (as always) wasn't paying attention. Nobody does. 40 minutes passed and I felt the urge to pee again. I was at a five out of ten now. I raised my hand.

"Yes?"

"Sir, may I go to the restroom?"

"Class is almost over so you can wait."

Oh well, I'll go when class is over I guess. The bell ringed and I decided to rush to the bathroom cause we only had a minute in between classes but then Grace heads my way.

"His class is so boring!" she says.

"Yeah, I know. I wont even need it for real life!"

"Anyway-"

"Oh, sorry Grace, can't talk right now."

"Uh...Okay, I'll catch up with you tomorrow!"

I rushed out and heard the bell. No! I got to class and asked for the bathroom. Again, no.

Drip Drip.

The water fountain dripped as I walked to my third class. I was at seven. I sat in my desk, squeezing my legs in and out. At least it's Friday so that's one thing that is good about today. I felt like it was slowly coming out. I had to be careful or this floor will be a mess. The bell rung. One more class, I can make it. That class was worst of all. All I could think about was my bladder. Jeez the one day I'm this desperate is when lunch is cancelled. Great luck. I felt drip escaping my panties. I did everything to hold it in. Class was over. FINALLY!

I got up and went outside and started walking home. I wanted to run but I couldn't. Every step, I had to try my best to hold it. One wrong move and it will all be out. I was at a nine.

Drip Drip.

Water from leaves were dripping against the floor. I didn't think I could take it anymore. I tried going quicker. I finally got home where nobody else was. I locked the door and tried my best to run. Each few seconds having do bend. No! I must hold it. I can't have an accident at this age! There was so much pressure on my bladder. I got upstairs and tried removing my jeans on the way to the bathroom. I'M THE ONLY ONE HERE ANYWAY! I was so close. I'M GONNA PEE! I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD. As you could probably tell, I was at a ten

Drip Drip.

Drops of my urine fell to the ground.

Splash!

My pants were wet and the floor was filling with urine as my eyes filled with slight tears. Pee splashing up everywhere. I peed for about a minute straight. Half way through I fell to my own piss and peed more.

Driple Driple Drip

I finished, looked down to the yellowness that I was sitting in, and just sat there ashamed.

*001*2018-02-22 11:08

I really enjoy writing these, tell me if you want more

*003*2018-02-22 20:15

{{2 hours ago, Mariowario64 said:

This story was wonderful, and as far as I'm concerned, the more omo stories the merrier.

}}

Thank you, i'll be sure to post more :)

*006*2018-02-23 12:54

{{10 hours ago, Yellow⚤Rain said:

I liked it quite a lot, although it was on the short side. I'm looking forward to more of your work.

}}

Thanks, i had a lot of people saying my stories are too short so i'll be sure to make longer stories

