Omovember Day 4: Holding it while watching a movie

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-11-04 20:23

$$

"Well,I'm happy with how it turned out." Yuri said as she looked at the painting me and her had made for the festival.

"Yeah,me too" i replied. "Are you going to add to the lettering now?"

"Not yet,it needs to dry first."

"Won't that take a while?" i asked. Yuri looked away played with her hair.

"I suppose." Yuri said.

"Well....Maybe we can do something while we wait?" i suggested.

"I suppose we could. i don't need to be home at the moment. What do you suggest we do?" Yuri asked. I got up from the table and looked through my shelve. There were plenty of books to read and plenty of movies to watch. i looked down and grabbed one of the covers.

"Is that....a movie adaptation of the Portrait of Markov?" Yuri asked.

"Yup,bought it very recently. I meant to watch it earlier this week,but i the literature club has been eating up most of my time" i replied. Yuri was staring at the box-art in awe. She's a fan of films and novels themed around the supernatural, and we've been talking a lot about the book.

"Do you want to watch it?" I asked. Yuri looked nervous for a second,but she nodded and went to the tv. I gave her the box and went to the kitchen to get some snacks. When i came,Yuri was waiting for all the logos to pass by. I put the food and drinks down and sat next to her,she looked at me for split second and then went back to looking at the screen. I saw the blush on her face. But she did that a lot,so i shrugged it off. The movie starts and were introduced to the main character,a girl that has recently moved in with her sister.

We were about fifteen minutes into the film and my eyes remained glued to the screen. Much like the book,the movie got more and more bizarre and creepy with time. And so far nothing has been different from the movie adaptation,which is a good sign. I grab a snack and take a bite out of it while keeping my eyes on the movie. I glanced to the side and saw Yuri. She seemed to be just as into the movie as me. However,that blush was still there. Maybe she was still not used to being alone with me.

We continued to watch the movie and i was getting more and more into it. Around the halfway point,the main character begins having trouble with who to trust. I took another bite of my snack while glancing at yuri. She looked a bit nervous now. More nervous than when we started the movie. She was no longer smiling and she was rubbing her legs together slightly. She looked at me and then quickly averted eye contact. She silently reached for a cup of soda and kept her eyes on the film. I looked away and continued watching.

###

We were an hour into the film and of course,much like the book things took a much darker turn. The visuals really impressed me,but at the same time they also made my stomach turn. I once again turned to Yuri and she looked even more nervous than a half hour ago. Her hand was between her thighs,she was sweating and she seemed to have more trouble focusing on the film. That's when i realised what was going on,she needed to pee. And judging by her body language,she needed to do so pretty badly.

I wasn't sure what to do. I'm really enjoying the film so far,but there is a pause button. So it's not like we can't take a short break. On the other hand,Yuri is already pretty shy as is and i don't want to embarrass her by bringing it up. She looked at me again and quickly adjusted her position. I scratched my nose and turned back towards the screen. I guess i'll just wait until she decides to excuse herself.

Another half hour had passed and the point we were watching right now was something that happened near the end of the book. I looked back at Yuri,she looked even more anxious now. She was bobbing one of her legs up and down and both her hands were pressed against her crotch. I looked away before she could see me and continued watching the movie. Looks like she really was planning to hold it until the movie was over. I kept watching the movie and there was a scene where the protagonist enters a bathroom. Weird...i don't remember seeing this in the book. i turned to Yuri and her face was even more red. What happened next probably didn't help; The protagonist had entered one of the stalls and did her business there. I just awkwardly looked to my side and i noticed Yuri trying her hardest to ignore the scene.

"I'm...S-sorry. Can you umm..." Yuri said with her face turning redder. I grabbed the remote and paused the movie. Yuri got up and averted eye contact once again.

"I umm...i'm sorry to ask but...If you don't mind. um..can i use your...umm...."

"To the left in the hallway." i replied. Yuri nodded and exited the room at a slow pace. However,once she was in the hallway,i heard some pretty loud and quick footsteps. She must've ran to the bathroom.

###

Yuri closed the door behind her and locked it. She turned behind her and a small smile appeared on her face upon eyeing the toilet she had been so desperately wanting to visit while watching the movie. She wasted no time pulling down her pants and panties. She sat down on the toilet and one second later, a trickle of clear urine escaped from her most private part.

"Hmmm...." Yuri said. Putting one hand on her mouth to try and block the moans escaping from her. Sure,she doubted she could be heard in here,but she didn't want to risk it. She already felt embarrassed enough having to ask for the bathroom. But that embarrassment had now been replaced with relief as her bladder let out all the pressure that had built up during the movie. The relief soon came to an end and Yuri let out one last sigh. She looked at her panties and smiled,there seemed to be no leaks. This made her happy as she recalled some other times where she wasn't able to make it to a toilet without some damage. She reached for the toilet paper and then wiped herself. She then pulled up her panties and pants and flushed the toilet.

###

I was messing with the remote while waiting for Yuri to come back. I had decided to fast forward through the toilet scene. Even when Yuri returns,i think she might still be a bit uncomfortable with the scene. Speaking of Yuri,she returned with a blush on her face. She looked more relaxed now,but still a little embarrassed.

"S-Sorry. i couldn't hold it until...."

"It's fine. You didn't have to hold it until now,you know? you could've asked me a lot sooner and i would've paused the film." i said. Yuri turned even redder and looked away.

"There's nothing to be ashamed of Yuri..." i said.

"Y-Yeah..." Yuri replied. She then sat down next to me and we continued watching the film. There only seemed to be 15 minutes left to watch. i looked at Yuri again and she seemed to have an easier time focusing now,as she looked more impressed than she had been during the past hour. I smiled and looked at the movie. However,after a few minutes i paused the film.

"Huh? What's the matter?" Yuri asked.

"I'm sorry to interrupt but uh....now I have to pee." i said with a nervous chuckle.

