The Bliss High Restroom Shortage Solution

Author: Omonomyaki

*000*2023-09-11 22:08

((No friend group in Bliss Highschool was quite as notable as the 4 girls who were always very close.

There was Dub, Half Black, Half asian, her gorgeously deep yet creamy skintone, paired with her already general beauty, was the envy of all the other girls at school. She wore her hair a piercing magenta color and she belonged to the school's track team.

Breezy, a pale, green haired Catgirl Android who had been built completely anatomically correct by Bliss Corp: The robotics company that owned and funded Bliss Highschool. She was built as an experiment to make sure their AI could experience social situations and enter the world prepared to function as anyone else. Though her grades looked good on paper, she came off as kind of a ditz, but it only made her seem cuter to the greater population of the school.

Val, A dark skinned cutie with neon blue, shoulder length hair and an inventive mind which always led her to create some new invention to make life easier for her peers.

And Hai-Chu, pastel purple hair, a little shorter than her friends and kind of an adorable brat at times. She was nicknamed for her obsession with little chewy candies after being transferred from a school in the UK and immediately clicking with the other three girls who wanted to be her best friends. Despite being the same age, they often view her as a little sister energy and are very protective, but this is little necessary as she's kind of scrappy.))

They all had stellar grades and didn't really shake things up too much, but they'ed all been caught in the act of PDA or touching each other at school. They engaged in the type of behavior that would spell expulsion for anyone who wasn't raising the institutions GPA like they were. Because of this, however, the school often just turned their heads to these occurrences.

The smartest among them who went by the nickname Val, was about to unleash an amazing invention she'd been working on for a long time. Val was SURE that this invention would benefit the school greatly! During their shared lunch period, she called her three friends to test it out.

Val stayed in the classroom with them as lunch began and the other students shuffled out. She brushed her hair behind her ear and softly spoke to the other girls. "So this invention I've been working on, it is actually quite simple. As you all know our school is more populated than most in this city and we are in desperate need of more restrooms. The school however has refused to install more and this has caused quite a few of our classmates to have accidents in class and in the halls"

Breezy raises her hand and interrupts "and I once had to have Dub drink my pee because I couldn't hold it anymore"

Dub's face turns a bright red. "Breezy, please don't tell people about that, it's embarrassing" She playfully pounds her fists on breezy's shoulder

Breezy sneers "I mean everyone SAW it, it's not like.."

"ANYWAY" Val interrupts, "We need a low profile way to provide relief for ourselves and the rest of the girls in this school! I think it will have great potetial to help everyone in the outside world in general! I got this idea while cleaning a spill at my part time job with an absorption device." Val reaches into her bookbag and presents 4 soft floral printed absorption pads.

Dub, Hai-chu and Breezy look with confusion at the devices placed before them. Val Continues..

"Traffic Jams, busy stores, lack of access to an open bathroom in public, it's a common problem in modern society. There are even draconian businesses have forced their workers to wear diapers at their desk. We have to fix this. So I thought why not bring cleaning devices into our everyday lives"

Hai-Chu raises an eyebrow "Aren't these things kind of leaky though?"

"Ah but that's where my innovation comes in!", Val says with a confident grin. "With my design, These things can hold 2 liters of liquid, and are so obsorbant on the surface that they keep the surfaces pressed against them perfectly dry upon removal of the pad. They also mask the smell of urine and give off a light, floral scent when activated! It sounds too good be true, but allow me to demonstrate! You've all had that Diuretic laced tea I gave you this morning, yes?"

Breezy is tapping her foot and shaking a little. "y-yes, of COURSE, it's why we all obviously spent this period looking like we had to pee, so can we PLEASE GET TO THE POINT?"

"But of course" Val removes her skirt and panties to the light embarrassment of her and her friends. She sets a pad on her desk and positions herself on top of it. suddenly she gasps and then sighs a relieved breath, as her eyes seem to roll up in her head. The group could almost see her bladder shrinking from the outside as the pad subtly grew in thickness and began smelling like a fruity, flowery perfume. Val is breathing heavy and intoxicated by relief as she seems for a moment like she forgot she'd been putting on a presentation. After finishing, she regains forcus. "eh..s-so see? I'm dry, desk is dry. I just throw this thing out!"

Breezy quickly stands up from her desk. "I..I wanna go next I gotta pe...er..I need to go"

Val smiles with an accomplished sneer. "I'm glad you like my idea" Breezy removes her panties, opting to keep her skirt on. she sets the device on the seat underneath her and her eyes shut. She seems to immediately radiate relief as she feels the warmth of her pee shooting and gushing out of her bladder. Her face glows a brighter red as she ignores the obvious embarrassment of the situation and caves to her physiological need. "HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH~ Ohhhhh....haa..haaa..oh my goooshhhh~" As expected, no sign of dampness is visible on her or the desk chair. She finishes up and discards the pad in the trash bin. "That.. is really impressive" Breezy announces.

Dub and Hai-chu are now DYING to pee, after watching these two drain theirselves and vocalize their relief.

Dub grabs a pad and doesn't even sit down. She just flings off her panties and presses the device against her crotch as she lets loose. She is standing there in the middle of the classroom, legs shaking, trying not to fall over from the sensation she's feeling. She begins to sigh so loudly that she has to muffle her voice with her other hand to not alert students near their classroom. her eyes are shut and her mind awash with the sweet sweet feeling of finally relaxing her muscles and peeing to her hearts content. Her muffled moans and sigs are insanely cute to her friends who are speechless in their enjoyment of the situation. At this point however, Hai-chu is PETRIFIED by desperation. She had meant to grab another device while Dub was doing so, but at that point already she was sure that standing up would cause a leak. The effects of the diuretic tea had taken it's tole fully.

"S-somebody please help meee~ I... if I move even an inch I'm gonna BURST" Hai-chu is whimpering and tears are welling up in her eyes as she squeezes desperately against herself, holding back a dam of piss. She may have waited too long to test this device out. With a little quick thinking, Val brings a pad and inserts her hand with it into Hai-chu's panties, cupping the curvature of her underside and replacing the pressure of Hai-chan's hands. Hai-Chu looks up at Val and tears begin to run down her face as she FINALLY unleashes a TORRENT of piss into the pad.

"HYAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNN! AH! HAAAHHHHHHH! MNNNNOHHH OOOOOHHH~~HAAH...HAAH,,HAAAHHNNN <3" Hai-chan doesn't even manage to stifle the sounds of her relief. Her moans echo through the halls to the curiosity and confusion of several other classes.

Val feels the warmth of the pad increase on her hand as she keeps it steady under Hai-Chu, who is pouring tears while an open mouth smile spreads across her face. Val begins making out with Hai-chu as she continues to let loose the welling pressure she'd been enduring. they are both in a state of bliss.

***months later***

The experiment was a massive success. Val filed a patent for her portable toilet device and the school seized to have so much of a wetting problem as she sells the pads to her fellow students. It's no one's first choice and it's a very last minute solution, so people can basically tell when someone is using it, but no one would have to go home with their clothes drenched again. Let's be honest though. Not everyone liked the idea of these things, so there was still the occasional accident. But the percentage of gals who benefitted filled Val with a great amount of well-earned pride.

