Danganronpa stories thread

Author: Omo-enthusiast

*000*2023-08-08 22:07

Spoilers for Dangan V3, tags apply.

First crack at it. More Soon(TM)

A Cruddy Job

Waving her pass towards the guards stationed at the front, Maki Harukawa found herself within the gates of Whitaker Mansion, the setting of the titular brand’s annual fashion show. Quickly entering the building itself and taking the stairs down to the basement. Once there, she took a left turn and entered the wine storage room. Between the third and fourth barrels was a slightly larger than normal gap, and she squeezed herself through the gap in order to access the briefcase that was smuggled in by her assistant. 

She felt the weight of the briefcase and the sniper within. Unfortunately, she also couldn’t resist the urge to let out an airy fart, hands on the knees as she released her gas. Even though she didn’t relieve much of either of her urgent bathroom needs, the narrow space behind the wine barrels began to reek of her rancid odor. Maki slightly blushed as she worked her way back across the gap (pressing on her stomach in the process) and proceeded to retrace her steps up to the ground floor.

If she had time to empty herself prior to the actual hit, she would have done it a long time ago. She departed with plenty of room to spare, but as she made her way to the mansion, she got held up numerous times, some as innocent as an unusually busy rush hour, while others being more malicious, such as a scare when she picked up on a potential stalker. As she had to begrudgingly turn away from the mansion, she managed to shake off the stalker at the cost of her cushion, both in terms of spare time slowly diminishing and the white fabric of Maki’s panties which were in serious danger of being painted yellow and brown.

The yellow portion was already starting to become reality, as the assassin felt herself leak into her underwear while climbing the flight of stairs. She needed to reach the top story in order to access the view she was going to, which meant climbing four flights of stairs. If one had proven tough enough to force a spurt of urine into her panties, god knows what four would do to them. In fact, now that Maki had to focus on keeping her bladder at bay, she accidentally let out a brazen fart in front of a small group of people. She felt the heat start to rise up to her cheeks as they took on a pinkish hue. Although they certainly weren’t appreciative at first, one lady had enough empathy to help Maki.

“Do you need help finding the bathroom?” she asked. Maki, in too much of a rush, misheard the question as “Do you know where the bathroom is?” and gave a quick nod in reply.

“Well it’s just over to the right, you can’t miss it,” the lady continued. So naturally she was confused when Maki darted out of the room, took a left turn, and promptly missed the bathroom.

Maki glanced at the grandfather clock placed next to the stairwell door before quickly opening it and heading inside. The long hand had just passed the XI letters, indicating that Maki had just north of four minutes to climb the stairs, get into position, set up the sniper, and pull off the shot.

Small drops began to follow her as she made her way up the first flight of stairs. Unfortunately, Maki’s bowels also started to activate again, and she had to stop and press a hand against her rear in order to not completely poop and subsequently wet herself. When she finished restraining her bowels, the seat of her panties showcased a small brown dot, marking the place where her finger touched her asshole.

Halfway up and her leaking only worsened. A couple drips marred each step of the staircases as the initial log of her imminent bowel movement began to escape her circle. At the top of the third staircase, she had to stop to release her final “safe” fart - the last fart she could pass without introducing a mound of poop into her panties. Maki’s horrible smell started to permeate the stairwell as the assassin expelled all the gas she could, even causing her to momentarily gag. Even then, the fart turned wet at the end as a small bout of liquid poop flew out and stained her underwear. Caught by surprise, Maki clenched her asscheeks only for her bladder to release a full couple seconds of urine down her legs and onto the floor. The side of her socks had started to turn yellow as a small puddle formed on the base of the fourth staircase. Maki steeled herself and began to climb again when she heard the opening notes of the main exhibit start to play. Her heart dropped. She was late.

The assassin bounded up the stairs as if she wasn’t about to go all over herself. Unfortunately acting the part doesn’t necessarily mean that the body would keep up, and a stream of urine ended up on the stairs of the final staircase, as well as the first two inches of the initial log beginning to tent out Maki’s underwear. Clenched cheeks meant that the two glutes were both soiled with Maki’s shit as the front of her underwear effectively reached its saturation point.

Maki rushed to her nest and set up her sniper in what seemed like record time right as her mark began to appear on the catwalk. She shuddered in desperation as the line of urine tailing her led to a growing puddle, her shoes and socks taking in more of their wearer’s urine. On the other end, her bowels had begun to move again, and Maki internally resigned herself to the fact that she was going to have to make the shot while wearing pissed and shitty panties. As she adjusted her position to get the easiest shot possible, her log of poop, initially poking out of her panties, began to deform as her now-soiled buttcheeks enveloping the log shifted along with the rest of her body.

Despite inches of her load gradually making their way into Maki’s previously white underwear and a small interrupted stream of urine flowing down her legs and puddling on the floor, Maki’s pupils dilated as she honed in on the target - not the man she was sent to kill, but the chain of the chandelier that happened to be above his head. The client had wanted to send a message, and Maki’s index finger was about to send that message accordingly. Her bullet broke the chain before being deflected and puncturing a wall somewhere, sending the lighting rig down onto the target and eliminating him.

Now that her task had been accomplished, Maki was made aware of the sharp offending odors of urine and poop as her body futilely kept trying to stop the flow of those two very things. Already burnt past the end of her rope, Maki finally surrendered and released her hold on her overworked bladder and bowels, accepting the impending humiliation. The client had paid extra for this hit; she could spend on a new pair of panties… and socks, as she was currently realizing.

Streams of piss hissed down her legs and underneath her nether region as the front of her knickers intensified their yellowish color. The puddle began to expand to meet her outstretched legs, forming a wide circle surrounding the assassin, her socks and shoes becoming flooded with the stuff. The splashing urine on the wooden floor was worryingly loud as the assassin suddenly became aware that people on that floor may actually hear her doing her business. Her ass certainly wasn’t helping, as it continually gave off farts as the poop pushed into her ever-expanding panties, spreading all over her asscheeks and even small clumps escaping through the leg holes and dropping into the puddle.

Maki herself was in a state of ecstasy, her mouth having opened into an O of complete relief. After the initial overwhelming relief, she immediately dialed in on her now suddenly harder task: reaching her car and extracting from the area. If prompted (sufficient planning and naturally strong kegels insured that Maki didn’t have to ponder this question), Maki would assume that she’d feel embarrassed about releasing a load into her underwear, but now that she had to stitch together an improv escape plan, she completely skipped that phase and now was completely focused on getting out of here as fast as possible. She didn’t hear any footsteps or yells yet, but she realized while dissembling her sniper that it was only a matter of time.

*001*2023-08-29 03:34

So "soon" turned into two and a half weeks. I had originally planned for this to be a two-parter, but I thought of an additional scene while writing this part, so I'll just portion the ending into a little Part 2.5. Hopefully that means a quicker update?

Spoilers, tags. Holler when you notice any grammar / spelling / what have you wrong or if you just want to call me a shit writer.

With Extra Baggage

Now that she was beginning to move, Maki was now realizing how even walking in her state was going to provide a challenge. Not only did her legs instinctively spread further apart in order to avoid getting more poop on them (a laughable goal, her rational mind pointed out), but she was also becoming aware of the extreme warmth in the back of her nether region. As the lid shut on the briefcase, Maki turned and tried to waddle with her legs widened, but found that, due to lack of practice, she was pathetically slow. Resuming her usual stride, she felt her waste being pushed around in her now heavily-dirtied panties, and while the heat of her shit against her legs was uncomfortable, she now wanted to get out of the room fast, both to expedite her escape and to get away from the bathroom smell the room had taken on due to its woman-made lake.

She bounded out the door and peered down the hallway. No one present, thankfully, but she would be damned if she made her way down the way she came. The lower floors were undoubtedly swarming with security by now, and Maki smelled strongly of her poop. A guard would eventually pick up on her scent, notice her briefcase, and spell the end of the road for her. Not entirely sure what lay ahead, Maki began pacing down the other side of the hallway, where a glass door opened to an outdoor area.

She made her way down to the end of the area and put one leg over the handrail. While it was by no means insurmountable, the handrail was still tall enough so that when Maki straddled it, her sagging panties made contact with the highest rod up, smearing a brown streak on the top. Maki simply wiped it off with her bare hand - she wasn't preserving any dignity with her shitty ass and brown, bulging underwear literally hanging off the side of the building on full display to any hypothetical audience willing to look up and, understandably, keep looking up the assassin's skirt.

A quick glance down quickly relieved Maki (for numerous reasons) as she saw that there wasn't anybody around to witness her plight. But she then realized another problem: the issue of getting her briefcase down the building. She could climb down the building fine; she wasn't happy about doing it, but she could climb down the pipe that ran down the corner of the building. But she knew for a fact that the sniper would not be able to survive a seventy feet high drop, even if she could get it to land on one of the rectangular bushes that made up the botanical maze.

She was considering risking the sniper by dropping it onto each ledge ten feet down when she realized that she could tie the briefcase to her person if she had a rope. Although she didn't have a rope proper, quick thinking led her to undo her long bow tie and attach the briefcase to the side of her skirt. When she began to descend the pipe, the skirt slid down her right hip as the briefcase entered a suspended state.

Meanwhile, the authorities had mostly contained the initial chaos and found themselves outside the nest Maki had used. However, finding nothing but the fact that someone had used this room as an impromptu toilet (and, presumably, their underwear given the small segments of poop in two distinct locations), they quickly move onto searching other rooms for any incriminating evidence. The janitor they called in to mop the mess up was quite frankly amazed that he still had to work.

Halfway down the pipe and Maki Harukawa was beginning to sweat. The motion of climbing down the pipe was made much more uncomfortable when the poop between her legs slid past each other. Her hands were beginning to callous and the briefcase was beginning to sway wildly. As it developed a pendulum-like trajectory, Maki cringed as it somehow aligned perfectly to hit her between her ass cheeks and push the load forward, soiling the skirt in the process (the skirt had previously been wet during Maki's urine accident, but poop now clung to the back of her skirt) . Nevertheless, she made it down to the final ledge down before the briefcase dragged the assassin's skirt below the level of her butt and sent it hurling rapidly down. Maki blushed a deep reddish pink in humiliation as her legs shot out onto the ledge to stop the motion of her off-task garment.

If the same hypothetical audience had stuck around to watch the whole debacle, their eyes would now feast on the stimulus of Maki's panties fully exposed, the still- white portion of her panties hugging her immaculate ass cheeks as the poopy cloth housed a bulge that drooped with the weight of the shit inside, exposing only a tiny bit the other sort of cleavage Maki possessed. Maki would, however, be able to keep the image of her urine-soaked front relatively private, as her facing the walls of the building would hide the yellowed-clothed outline of her unmentionables from the hypothetical audience.

But as this hypothetical audience remained absent, Maki once again needed to adjust how she brought her briefcase with her. Due to her becoming stationary and the newfound airy feeling around her clothed privates, the odor of now-cooled poop and urine began to reintroduce themselves, much to the assassin’s irritation. With her skirt at her calves, she realized that she could simply take off her skirt and lower the briefcase. Although Maki's feet were twenty-five feet in the air, by squatting down she could hold her arms down about two feet. Retying the bow tie to be at the very end of the cloth meant that the briefcase could descend another three or four feet. Feet positioned on the ledges present on both sides of the corner, Maki began to squat - pushing her waste to the seat of her panties ever so slightly - when she realized that the fragile sniper would need to be able to endure a twenty-foot drop, something she wasn’t confident it could do.

Returning to the pipe, she began climbing down again, this time pressing her skirt between the pipe and her hand. It was only later when she would realize the true embarrassment of how she made her escape, but in the moment the gradual escalation of the situation - farting in front of an audience, going to the bathroom all over herself, and showing the world the toilet held by her waist - Maki was rather desensitized to the disgrace of it all. Upon touching the ground, she didn’t even remember to cover her decorated underwear with her skirt until she made her way through the bush-walled labyrinth (Always start with the right hand side, as she soon discovered) and, through the various branches of what seemed to be the edge that made, was reminded that women liked to cover their intimate cloths with a skirt or pair of pants.

Realizing that the exit point was actually right next to the entrance point (this really wasn’t her best job, she would later reflect amusingly), Maki was now suitably fed up enough to throw caution to the wind and simply work her way through the bush separating her from the street outside. A young secretary just so happened to be walking by when a harried teenager appeared from the titular grass wall of Whitaker Mansion and accidentally bumped her. The secretary immediately picked up on the rather unpleasant smell of said teenage girl, and looking down at her stained socks confirmed that the poor thing must have not been able to hold it. Nevertheless, decorum compelled her to avoid discussing the predicament the girl was in.

“You do know you’re supposed to walk in between the bushes, right?” she asked jokingly.

“I’m aware,” replied Maki, “but I’m terrible at mazes. So I just took the most direct way out.”

“I suppose that would work,” the secretary smiled. The involuntary sniff that followed was louder than she had anticipated, embarrassing her as much as it did the teenager.

“You don’t need to hide it. I know I smell terrible,” Maki said. Answering the implied question, she continued: “I had just … uh …” She distressingly realized that in her haste to deflect the woman’s concerns, she hadn’t actually come up with an excuse to deflect to.

The woman raised a brow slightly. Why did you have to bring THAT up? she internally chided herself. Now the poor girl’s going to have to scramble for an excuse.

And scramble for an excuse Maki did: “I’m just traveling with… excess baggage, shall we say,” glancing at her briefcase. “Taxidermy. Unpleasant business,” she elaborated, knowing that she was fooling no one.

The secretary immediately called her bluff in her mind, but obliged the hidden plea to disengage from the conversation. “Oh, so that’s what it is,” she lied, “I hope it doesn’t cause too many problems for you!” A genuine smile accompanied her final line to the teenager.

Maki only gave a curt nod in reply, more than ready to exit from the conversation. The secretary watched as she sped off down the street and a right turn out of view. Despite her intentions not to think about the girl’s accident, the secretary couldn’t help but note the waddle the teenager had developed, almost as if there was a mass between her legs.

*002*2023-09-20 03:53

Tags, spoilers, holler when typos and shit

I can't come up with a title at the moment but I don't feel like waiting so here you go. I will take suggestions if you have any (about anything, not just about the title).

###

Maki had never been one to talk much, but her introverted side completely took over as she slinked between back alley and back alley. Now that the situation at last begin to cool and the excitement begin to diminish, Maki was able to take more notice of the sensation of poop shifting around between her legs and in her browned and yellowed panties. Although the scent of urine had largely dissipated by now, she could still feel the clammy cloth chafing against the front of her nether region, but that was nothing compared to the sensation she experienced walking around with a large load of now-cool shit in her underwear. Maki felt her waste sticking everywhere as she continued her walk, essentially being a human crop duster as she waded her way through the city streets when more secluded alternatives failed to prevent themselves.

@@After leaving behind a trail of subtly pinched noses, irritated grumbling, and feeling like the object in focus for God-knows-how-many pairs of eyeballs, Maki turned into the back of an apartment complex. The assassin gagged as she smelled her own-inflicted odor in full potency again - had it always been this bad or did she fart / shit herself even more than in the mansion? She apparently hadn't emptied herself out fully when she went in her skirt earlier, as the beginnings of another bowel movement were brewing in her stomach. Maki spied a dumpster and considered taking off and throwing away her loaded underwear and going the rest of the trip commando, but she then noticed a police car parked at the end of the alleyway. She already looked suspicious just standing in the alleyway itself; the cop would not be happy should he catch a teenage girl in the middle of taking her pooped-in underwear down her legs. Maki resigned herself to the fact that she had to complete the journey with this brown odorous cushion spread between her legs and all over her butt, but curiously she was beginning to not mind the sensation of messed panties itself. Perhaps it was sour grapes talking, but Maki reasoned that taking off her underwear would expose her kitten to the world should her skirt fail to maintain its wearer's dignity (or the remnants of said dignity, at least). Should her genitals be flashed to the public around, there is a non-zero chance that a cop nabs her for public indecency, which means she gets arrested, which means they find the sniper rifle in the briefcase, which, combined with the untimely death of a fashion icon just earlier that day, would mean that Maki was, in technical terms, "fucked." The only crimes a view of Maki's used undergarments would convict its owner of are bowel and urinary incontinence and, if given a particularly creative imagination, exhibitionism for fetishistic purposes.

@@Maki realized that the damage underneath her skirt would soon be beginning to show, even if her skirt remained faithful to her. The load in her underwear was beginning to unstick from her legs and buttcheeks, leading to the load sagging to just a few inches above her skirt. The more the leg bands of her panties would make their way down her curves, the more risk that the tip of the tented seat of her underwear would show beyond the confines of her skirt. Furthermore, Maki grew aware of the two streams of more liquid excrement creeping along the inside of her thighs. Knowing the soft time limit that had been set, Maki began pressing ahead. Unfortunately, the winds had apparently decided to test out the "reduced risk of getting arrested by the cops" theory, and when Maki made her way in front of the pack, her skirt fluttered up to being almost parallel with the sidewalk. Anybody who happened to be unlucky (?) enough to be looking back at that moment would've seen the yellow patch on the girl's previously white panties, and especially keen observers and perverts would've seen the faint outline of her vulva as well. For the significantly larger crowd behind her, they would be treated to a view of Maki's clothed rear, white on the top but the seat of the panties discolored brown, struggling to both contain the large amount of waste that Maki had expelled and fully cover the entire surface area of her moons.

Maki had exhibited a pink hue on her cheeks for quite some time, but with the airy sensation around her crotch briefly intensifying, her face burned red as she shoved her skirt down and adopted a rushed trot, suddenly speeding through the crowd and trying to outrun the reaction that was inevitably occurring at the spot where the winds exposed her accident for all to see. All of a sudden, the humiliation of all the disgraceful scenes she had put herself through came crashing down on her - just ninety minutes earlier, the would-be assassin was deciding that a stop to the ladies' room would jeopardize the established timing of the hit. How had it gotten to the point where she revealed her stained and loaded underwear to the crowds of the city?

Steering into the entrance of the parking garage, Harukawa took the stairs up to the second floor parking (never use the elevator, she learned after a fight she really shouldn't have walked away from) and reached her car at last. Opening the door, she was about to sit down when she realized that the waste bulging out her panties was going to be mighty uncomfortable and was going to sully the drivers' seat. Getting out a contingency towel (not exactly what she anticipated the contingency towel would prove useful for), she laid it on and cringed as she sat upon the numerous logs of crap in her underwear.

She felt the cold sticky feeling spread to the front of her panties and up the crevice of her crack as she lowered her body weight onto her load. Shuddering in disgust, Maki briefly had to relearn motor control driving the car in her new circumstances before figuring out that the sensation of excrement spread around the knicker-enclosed region does not compromise the driving ability of its harried wearer, even if it made it infinitely more unpleasant than usual. As Maki turned up the car's air conditioning, she knew that she was in for a long ride.

@@The worst part of the car ride was the initial bit where she was still in the city, as the numerous people and vehicles around compelled Maki to keep the windows up, it being outfitted with windows which darkened when viewed from the outside. Although it was effective for security purposes, it also meant that the smell of Maki’s bodily waste emanating from between and beneath her legs was gradually permeating and intensifying as she slowly got through the traffic of the city. Initially, it didn’t smell any worse than when she was wading through the crowd, but as time went on, the stink really began to get to the assassin, who gagged again at her own production. The potent bathroom smell that inhabited the car also reminded her of her reemerging need to poop. As she finally reached the outskirts of the city and found herself alone on a country road, she sighed in relief as she rolled the windows all the way down, her desperate need for fresh air almost growing as urgent as her renewed urge to defecate.

@@Although her nose was partially spared, her stomach began to grow upset again. Maki really just wanted to go straight to the agreed rendezvous point, but her bowels were having none of it. An argument in her head started about whether to pull over at a public toilet to relieve herself, park her car at the roadside and relieve herself in the treeline nearby, or just use her underwear as a toilet again. On one hand, the public toilet had access to proper sanitation equipment, such as toilet paper, paper towels, and the sink if Maki got creative enough. On the other, entering any gas station or restaurant with facilities would certainly get noticed by some sort of camera and while she didn’t have any reason to believe the police would be able to trace her here, it was nevertheless best to steer clear of public places, especially since it was in the early hours of the morning at this point. Going in the treeline would be the preferable option, but Maki was experiencing a weird sort of inertia that wanted to just stay put. After all, she had already shit herself, how much worse would a second accident really be?

As her rational side grappled with her inertia, the load brewing in her abdomen was quickly reaching a breaking point. Periodic farts increasing in frequency and renewing the stink in the car served as increasingly urgent warnings that Maki was approaching the point at which the load would come out no matter what she wished. The gurgling in her stomach indicated that the soon-to-be second movement was more of a mush compared to the clayish mass she had smashed all across her butt and crotch.

@@Finally making a decision, Maki pulled over and stopped the car after what she thought was a safe wind breaking turned out to have some of the honey-esque poop escape into the larger load (at least she thought - it was hard to tell at that point). However, her decision proved to be made too late; as her bowels surrendered for the second day in a row (a new day starts at midnight!) Maki felt her panties expand as the flattened load began to bulge out again in order to accommodate the new soupy waste she was letting out. Having gotten out of the car, she watched as brown streaks began to expand down her inner legs as more poop shoved through the leg bands of her thoroughly ruined panties, dropping to the ground in little chunks. Having a second accident Maki also realized that she had accidentally sat on her skirt on the drive home, which meant that it was also stained, probably beyond saving. She swore at herself while finishing her bowel movement, looking at the dirtied towel which served as the car seat cover. Sure enough, there existed a sector where the poop stain lightened in tone, evidently where the skirt must have been present. A final airy fart heralded the end of Maki’s second accident, and, now having the excitement pass over, Maki got a view of the nighttime sky. Despite everything that had happened, she took a moment to take in the sight of countless stars in the black sky forming god-knows-what constellations. She enjoyed this brief moment of isolation, nevermind if there were two giant loads of poop weighing down her panties and exposing the top of her rear crevice.

When the wonder had worn off too, Maki, simply not caring anymore, took off her soiled skirt and tossed it on the floor in front of the driver’s seat. She climbed back into the driver’s seat and was quickly on her way to her destination.

Shuichi Saihara had just finished a particularly aggravating puzzle when the car finally arrived at the single parking lot space where he stood. His look of relief, with more than one cause, quickly turned into surprise when Maki opened the car door both with her panties showing, with no skirt to act as cover, and said panties thoroughly bulging and stained brown. Maki quickly turned a bright shade of red and covered her crotch with her hands.

“Made a mess of it did ya?” Shuichi remarked, a weak smile signaling a similarly weak attempt at a tension-breaking quip.

“No, the job’s done,” Maki answered, “And one more word and you’re dead,” she hissed.

Shuichi gulped. He supposed he didn’t want to know the cause of this literal mess. Rather, he was trying to conceal his own embarrassing bulge developing in the front of his pants. Praying that Maki wasn’t looking below the belt, Shuichi worked quickly to shift his quickly hardening member up. This proved to be a considerably tougher challenge once Maki turned around to reach for the briefcase in the back, the bare skin of her rear being exposed where the panties sagged. The detective had to work quickly in order to not get caught with tented pants.

While trying to disguise his painfully obvious arousal, Shuichi reached into the driver’s seat in order to retrieve her skirt. His nose instinctively shriveled when it came into close proximity of the shitty towel, but he couldn’t help but get in closer in order to smell the full potency of Maki’s production. Already feeling terrible about what he’d done, Shuichi’s guilt worsened when he realized that he would absolutely do it again if given the chance. When Maki turned back and found him reaching into the driver’s seat, she began to yell.

“Do you wanna-” she started before getting interrupted by her skirt in Shuichi’s hand.

Wordlessly, she took it and put it on when she started laughing at the sheer absurdity of the situation. Shuichi, taken aback initially, joined in as the pair engaged in a bout of awkward laughter.

As they headed to the house to retire and Maki went to clean up at last, Shuichi was left alone in the night; him, his irresistible urge to relieve the tent in his pants, and his rapidly depressing opinion of himself as he started unbuckling his belt.

