She is forbidden to pee when she gets up

Author: Omo_lovers

*000*2025-03-11 21:32

The house smelled like coffee. She thought about starting the morning with a nice cup of that great diuretic, but he had forbidden her to go to the bathroom when she got up and, as she really needed to urinate, she said she didn't feel like coffee and didn't need it (so as not to fill up faster and faster...) without knowing when she would be able to get relief.

- You have to drink the coffee, otherwise you won't perform well afterwards. After the coffee, take a hot shower, but don't even think about urinating a drop, okay?

- Okay... but a little coffee... and can the shower be without hair? I don't know if I can hold out for so long under the water with this urine.

- The smallest coffee I can give you is a cup of about 300-400 ml. It's not much, right? And the shower, with your hair, I don't think it's that important.

*She drinks the coffee, brushes her teeth and, after a while, gets into the shower. She turns on the tap. He watches her so she doesn't pee a drop while the water is running. She shivers and dances, a trickle escapes. 😣 ...she thinks: *I hope he didn't notice...*

*001*2025-03-12 00:29

At that moment he notices and says to her:

- Why are you dancing like that? Are you pissing? I think I saw you leak a little stream. You're going to soap up and when you're done and rinsed, you're going to give your pussy a minute in the shower.

She moans and does his best to finish showering quickly and fulfill the little punishment. She dances, clenches her sphincter as much as possible, tries to think of something else. When she gets out and dries herself, she can only ask for one thing:

- Please, can I piss before we go outside?

For the little involuntary stream from before, he says:

- What you're going to do is take the cup you drank the coffee in and pee until it's full. Afterwards, you're going to clean yourself and empty the contents of the cup into the toilet slowly. When you're done, take a bottle to drink from when we go outside, it's very hot.

The girl takes the cup and fills it to the brim. The piss almost overflows, but just as she begins to feel relief, it fills up. She shivers from the effort of cutting off the stream, then slowly empties its contents into the toilet. She moans. She feels her pussy throbbing...

*002*2025-03-12 01:04

She finishes pouring the contents of the bowl. She looks at the toilet, eager to use it, bites her lip, closes her eyes, crosses her legs, and squeezes her pussy. She flushes the toilet and leaves the bathroom in search of the smallest bottle she can find. She puts a 250ml bottle in her bag (trying not to let him see it)...

He knows her and knows she won't take a large bottle, so he goes to ask her what bottle she's taken and tells her to take a slightly larger one (for example, a half-liter or 1L, depending on how full it is and whether he feels like filling it with more pee). He approached her and checked how full she was by squeezing her bladder with his fingers gently and carefully at first, then pressing harder a little later to see how far he can go. This way, he would choose how much to take, half a liter or 1L...

*003*2025-03-12 01:19

She moans at the first pressure and tries to move his hand away when she notices he's squeezing harder. She pulls back and begs him:

- Please don't make me drink so much. I haven't peed since I got up, and I've already had a good amount of coffee. You know that makes me want to pee really fast 🥺😣

He says to her:

- Move your hands away so I can feel you properly. You can't complain. I let you pee a little. You'll have to drink the whole bottle on the way down the street, and then when you get home you can use the bathroom. Do you think you can hide the urge to pee?

- Are we going to take a long time to get back? I don't know if I can hide it for long. I'm already peeing so much that my buttoned pants are bothering me 😰 and this is a lot of water, let me take less, please... 🙏🏻 You know I don't want to pee on myself on the street 😰

- It won't be long, about an hour (maybe it'll stretch to an hour and a half), you'll have to pretend as best you can. I don't think 1L is that much water; it's very hot, and you need to be well hydrated. You're not going to get wet from going just an hour without peeing, right?

...

*005*2025-03-12 15:32

- Okay... but let's go quickly, please, because the longer we take, the more I need to pee. (Crossing her legs) Can I drink the water on the way back too? 🥺

- Yes, but you have to finish most of the water before we go back. We're leaving now, but wait, I have to pee, and then we'll leave (he does this with the door open and pointing directly at the water so she can hear the strong stream).

She shudders when she hears that he HAS to pee, and it makes her even more urgent. She knows he's saying this to annoy her. She envies him that she's going to pee when she knows she has at least three times as much need as he does. She hears the stream, squeezes her pussy, snorts, and covers her ears, bending down and bouncing...

- Fuck, fuck... she thinks: I wish we were going by car, then at least I wouldn't be seen by too many people on the road and I could sit there, holding on and crossing my legs 😣. What a jerk he is... he knows that going outside makes me really nervous when I have a crazy urge to pee...

*006*2025-03-12 18:14

- We'll go by car because it's far away. On the way there, there won't be much traffic, but I can't say the same on the way back. You'll drink water in the car, at least half of it on the way there. Also, I'll be going through hilly areas where the car doesn't pull well and I have to turn off the air conditioning; it'll be hot inside. That will help you drink more 🙂

- But... then it's going to be more than an hour and a half 🥺😰. If I can't hold it, is there a bathroom there where I can pee a little? 🥺🥺 I pee a lot... I don't know if I can hold it 😣 my pussy is going to hurt from squeezing so much.

- We'll have to ask if there's a bathroom. I'll leave that to you, since I know you're embarrassed. Would you go ask a worker if there's a bathroom, crossing your legs with your hand on your pussy and making faces so you can empty yourself a little before getting home?

- No, please... I'm too embarrassed 😳🥺 Are there no public bathrooms? Or a bar or something. Or can I go somewhere where no one can see me?? I'm really embarrassed asking, having to pretend so they can tell me there's no bathroom and make them realize how much I'm peeing 🥺

- There's probably a bar, but you'll have to get something to drink before you go. Come on, and I'll buy you something to drink, what do you think? After that, I'll let you pee for 15 seconds. I'll have the timer on, and you'll have to stop when exactly 15 seconds have passed.

- Nnggh...😖🚽

*007*2025-03-12 18:53

- I'd rather try to do it in some hidden corner, I'm already have a lot of water left to drink 🥺

- No, I'm not going to let you empty your bladder then. Unless you want to drink the rest of the water after you relieve yourself.

They pass a bunch of places where she could pull over and pee in peace. She looks around nervously, imagining herself bent over, releasing all that hot pee that's torturing her, making her situation worse. She moves her legs restlessly, loosening her belt with her hands to make room for her bladder.

- Is it much longer? Can I pee here? There are no cars now, and I can pee a little to stay relax more later 🥺

- Sorry, you can't pee here. It's not a suitable place! Let's continue on to what we came here to buy. Hold it, you're too old to be peeing around.

- Okay... shall we go to a bar before we go back? It's going to be hard for me to even walk, I pee so much *pleading look*

- You pee so much? We'll go to a bar, then. But we'll do what I said before. We'll have something to drink, and then I'll let you in the bathroom. I'll go in with you to make sure you don't cheat and pee for exactly 15 seconds. I'll also go in first.

- I barely had time to empty my bladder when I got up, and you know that coffee, besides being so big, makes me really want to go. This morning when I got up, I was already dying to pee... Are you going to pee again? Can I stay outside while you're there? 😣

*008*2025-03-12 23:47

- Yes, I'm going to pee again, any problem? and I'll do it before you while you watch me and you hold on.

They arrive at the place and, after shopping, look for a bar. Upon entering, she looks around desperately to find the restrooms.

- Can we sit at the table closest to the toilet? That way I know if there's anyone inside so I can get there quickly without standing around waiting (she orders while dancing nonstop).

- I don't like sitting too close to the restroom. It's probably better if we stay a little further away.

They end up sitting in a spot a little farther away from the restroom, but with visibility to see if there's a line. The girl takes forever to drink her drink, constantly moving on the edge of her chair, trying to press her pussy against it, and constantly moving her legs. She's constantly hoping he'll finish his drink so she can pee as soon as possible. When they finish their soda, there's a line of three people, and they immediately get behind them. She gets very nervous when she sees the line. She dances nonstop, but as discreetly as she can out of embarrassment. Her hand wants to go to her pussy, but she does it very quickly so that the people around her don't stare at her too much. She's in a hurry, she thinks she's peed more than ever in her life. She whispers very softly in his ear:

- Can I go first, please...?🥺🙏🏻

*009*2025-03-17 02:05

- No, you can't go first, you have to wait. And you're going in with me. I'll pee first, and you'll hear my stream fall into the toilet.

She moans, she's peeing a lot, and she knows it'll be torture... Finally, the last person comes in. It seems like she's been peeing for an eternity, she doesn't come out...

*I'm sure she doesn't even pee that much, but she's probably looking at herself in the mirror. Women are horrible when it comes to going into the bathroom; they take too long. 😖 Hasn't she seen that behind her there are people who really need to pee? Oh my God!!*

She has to unbutton her pants, pull at the elastic, hold on, bend over...!

*NOT COMING OUT! But what is she doing?*

- Can we go into the men's room? (She notices her bladder is too full, she has trouble standing upright, and if she doesn't dance nonstop, she feels like a jet of pee is going to come out at any moment.) Fuck, fuck...! 😣

- No, we have to wait for her to come out. You must to hold it. You have to be patient, she'll come out. Besides, the men's bathroom is broken, so we're all queuing up to get in. Why are you unbuttoning your pants? You're in public! Don't act like that, you'll look bad in front of everyone.

He's excited to see her like this and puts his hand on her stomach, applying light pressure... She backs away, trying to avoid him, her eyes wide open... And finally, the door opens...

*010*2025-03-17 12:20

The girl who comes out is a very pretty blonde who watches the scene with a curious and very interested smile. Meanwhile, the other girl is against the wall. She lets out a slight squeal at the unexpected pressure of her dominant's hand on her bladder and she grabs her pussy very tightly. She almost leaks urine. Her bladder is as hard as a rock. She turns red because the blonde girl is watching her in such an obvious position and tries to regain her composure. She hates it when people notice her pissing herself. The blonde girl approaches, laughing, and says:

- Wow, it seems that if I wait a little longer, I'll find you all wet. What would happen if I chatted with you for just 5 minutes in front of the door? I find you so cute like that 😁. Then I'll let you in 😊.

The poor girl, very embarrassed, wanting to be alone to relieve her burst bladder, looks at her partner pleadingly.

*No, please...*

*011*2025-03-17 13:55

It's clear the blonde girl realized the person behind her was pissing themselves and took her time leaving the bathroom, fully intending to make her wait. She also noticed her partner was controlling her bladder and seems to love hearing her moans, her pleas, watching her constantly moving while he firmly denies her the right to pee, without any mercy. The blonde was listening as he reminded her and ordered her how much she was going to pee, when, what she had to do, and when, while she stood there, completely desperate, so much so that she had trouble understanding what he was saying. There's only been one thought in her head for a long time, and it shows: pee.

After the question asked, the stranger started a conversation:

- I love watching and hearing everything that happens in the lines for the bathrooms. How much have you had to drink? How long has it been since you peed? Is it turning you on that I won't let you in? The bathroom is so accessible and so close...

*012*2025-03-18 02:08

These questions make her blush even more. She's dying of embarrassment at having two people in front of her who don't need to pee (at least not urgently), watching her, making her wait, and mocking her for needing it badly, hearing them talk about her bladder... She's embarrassed that they're watching her squirm, but she can't help it. And the worst part is that she's terribly embarrassed that they're watching her urinate... she's deeply embarrassed that they're hearing or seeing her stream of pee fall... she hates having to pee in front of someone, but on the other hand, the blonde is right, the situation has her completely turned on, but she doesn't know what to answer. She just wants to pee somewhere other than her pants, and she knows she doesn't have much time left, so she tries to regain her dignity and stand up straight to go to the bathroom.

- Let me in, please.

She smiles.

- I said 5 min.

The blonde girl looks at him and says:

- Unless your dom thinks it is wrong, in which case I'll step aside.

The desperate girl seeks her dom's complicity:

- Please 🙏🏻 You know I hate admitting I need to pee and letting people know, that if I say it out loud it means I can't take it anymore, but I'm dying of embarrassment...

Suddenly, another person arrives and asks

- Are you going in?

The two who are enjoying the situation answer "no", something someone who has been wanting to go in and pee for a long time can't do anything about. All she can do is hope that the person who came in is quick...

*013*2025-03-19 01:39

The person who entered the bathroom takes a few endless minutes, and when they leave, the dom has already given the girl permission to enter, and they enter together. But before closing the door, he does something the girl had hoped he wouldn't: the dom asks the blonde girl if she wants to go in and watch his poor girl desperately to hear and see him pee first, and, as it could not be otherwise, she loves the idea and says yes...

- (The desperate girl tries to tell him quietly) Please, no, don't let her come in with us. I'm dying of embarrassment. Let me be alone with you. I don't want to pee in front of a stranger. You know it's hard for me if someone looks at me and I can't pee even though I pee a lot...🥺🙏🏻

- (He answers loudly) No? Well, it seems to me you have two options: pee in front of both of us, or keep holding it in... and I think with that last drink, you'll most likely pee yourself before you get home if you don't pee now. Do you want to pee yourself?

- (She, in a low voice and embarrassed by his loud response) No!! 😖 I can't hold it anymore, I have to pee now 😣

-  Well, you have no choice but to do it while we watch you.

- Fuck, fuck... Okay, you give the orders and I need to pee urgently 😣

*014*2025-03-19 01:51

They close the door. He stands in front of the toilet so the stream can be seen and begins to urinate noisily in front of them both.

She hears him pee and bends over, raises and lowers her feet, and moans. She doesn't want the stranger to continue seeing how she clenches her pussy to avoid peeing herself.

The blonde, after seeing the pee dance and the other woman's gestures, bites her lip in excitement and tells her to control herself and stay composed, but she's so peeing that she can barely stand up straight. She's got her legs crossed and her hands between her legs, squeezing her pussy hard. Moaning after the command, she tries to stand as straight as she can.

Incredibly, he's still peeing. *How can he be peeing so much? He's peed twice while I'm still here, exploding with the urge to pee, damn it. 🥵*

- Please finish already!!

- What's wrong? Are you jealous? Do you like watching me pee when you really want to?

The blonde says:

- Wow, if you really want to pee, I can't imagine how much pee she's got stored up 😋 I want to see and touch that bulge in her bladder, can I?

The desperate girl is terrified by those words and says:

- No, please! You were going to let me pee now! I'm about to pee myself! Tell her no, please, and tell her to go away 😣

*015*2025-03-21 16:54

- Look, if you do what I say, I'll add 5 seconds to your pee time, so you can pee for 20 seconds. So show us your bladder first.

She reluctantly lifts her shirt while continuing to do a little pee dance, moving from one leg to the other, hunched forward slightly, and crossing her legs. She pulls down her pants and panties a little to clearly show off the bulge sticking out from her full bladder. She closes her eyes and, with a suffering face, begs to pee.

- Can I pee now? Please, I'll pee on myself...

- What do you think of this? If you endure what I'm going to do to you now, I'll let you pee for 30 seconds.

There, she agrees, she pees so much that she knows that 30 seconds is the minimum to feel relief and she wants to gain as much time as possible to get home dry, although she doesn't know what he wants to do to her and, when she regrets it, it's too late to change her mind... Then, he starts to feel her bladder and tells the other girl to do it too, an offer she can't refuse, the blonde is eager to touch that big bladder full of pee with both hands without compassion...

He says:

- You have to hold on as long as I want, as long as we have our hands on your belly.

She tries to lean back, crosses her legs and holds on, bends down, and moans.

- Please... please!! I'm going to pee, don't press so hard!

Suddenly she moans more, a long stream wets her panties, but in a second she manages to stop the leak, even though she doesn't know how she did it.

- Dom, I'm peeing...

She kneels with her hands between her legs and a small stain on her pants, pleading

- Let me use the bathroom, please, I beg you...

*017*2025-03-25 20:13

At that moment, the Dom stops the pressure and orders her to stand up and spread her legs to inspect the stain.

- Wow, it looks like you've wet yourself. Pull down your pants.

She, embarrassed and very nervous about all the pee she need to do, pulls down her pants to reveal her panties.

- I see there's a big stain.

The blonde says:

- You peed, hahaha! What a pee a lot, you can't hold it in anymore, huh? You've got so much pee it's almost coming out by itself now 🤭

The girl stands there, vulnerable, trembling, moving her legs, but without closing them because she doesn't have permission and knows she's going to be punished for the pee she's released, and she doesn't want to disobey another order.

- Now, since you wet yourself, I'm going to have to give you a proportional punishment. Either you pee for 15 seconds like before, or you put your hands under water for 30 seconds with your pants down. We can touch you over your panties to provoke you more, but you will pee for the 30 seconds I told you before. What do you choose...?

*018*2025-03-25 20:30

The girl pees so much that she knows 15 seconds won't be enough to relieve herself and that it might be too hard to turn off the flow, so she decides to try to endure this new torture.

She hopes they don't put too much pressure on her bladder. She goes to the faucet and turns it on, closes her eyes tightly and squeezes her legs together... She puts her hands under the stream of water and that makes her start moving her legs very quickly. She moans the moment she feels her hands get wet. The Dom orders her to open her eyes and watch the water fall.

A long 10 seconds pass, and she thinks she's not going to make it. After 20 seconds, the girl moans again, and they can see a stream of pee running down her leg. She feels a hand touch that drop of pee; unfortunately, it's very obvious that she has missed another stream, and the Dom increases the time by 10 seconds without saying anything.

After 30 endless seconds, the girl can barely hold it in. She feels like she's going to pee herself and asks how much is left.

- Very little, keep going.

It feels like an eternity; feeling the drops escaping makes her feel like she's going to let it all out. She instinctively takes a hand out of the water and squeezes her pussy, moving his hands away from her.

She looks at the Dom and says:

- Please, let me pee now. I don't care if she's watching, I'm about to pee myself...

*019*2025-03-27 00:46

At that moment, there are 5 seconds left. The girl is literally dying. But because she had taken her hand out of the water earlier, he tells her to put it back under the stream, and he decides to add another 10 seconds. She's literally trembling. She can't stand it anymore. Then, time is up (a total of 50 seconds underwater).

He tells her to dry her hands as best she can, and she does so, even though she's very desperate. She can't stop moving and letting out soft moans.

- I can't hold it anymore! Please!

- Even though it was difficult for you to complete the challenge, you almost succeeded. I had to increase the time a bit to compensate for the fact that you peed a little and put a hand on your pussy. I'm going to be gentle with you; you'll be able to pee for the full 30 seconds.

She can see the utmost despair on her face when she hears this. She can't stop thinking about how much she's peeing and that she's about to wet her panties. He tells her:

- Pull down your panties and sit on the toilet, but don't pee yet.

The other girl, who's enjoying the whole thing, says:

- Good thing he's finally going to let you pee, right? but open the legs a little so we can see it.

When she hears the blonde tell her to open her legs, her heart pounds. She's so embarrassed if someone hears the desperate stream falling, but even more so if they see it coming out, and she doesn't want to go through that... She asks the Dom:

- Does she really have to see me?😣

...

*020*2025-03-27 00:59

She says this while sitting with her knees together and feet apart because she involuntarily struggles to open her legs due to feeling exposed. Plus, she's very nervous because she's dying to pee while she sits on the toilet.

An involuntary stream comes out like this, covered, but very thin... but they hear it.

- You want to pee, right? Well, if that's what you want, it'll be in front of her too. If she comes out of this bathroom, you'll come out behind her with your bladder as full as it is now.

She's bursting to pee and wants her to come out, but she's so desperate that she knows what he said can't be done, so she covers her face, opens her legs a few inches and asks the Dom if she can start urinating now, while nervously moving her legs up and down.

- No, open your legs more.

She opens her legs very little again; she's very embarrassed, so he puts his hands on her knees and opens them completely. The girl moans.

- Hold on like that, don't let any more pee escape until I tell you to.

Then, he puts his hand on her bladder and tells the blonde to do it too. They start pushing a little, and at that moment he says:

- Start peeing now, use the 30 seconds.

*021*2025-03-27 01:13

He uses his cell phone's stopwatch to count the seconds while watching her closely. She, who is very full and embarrassed, begins to pee in the first few seconds with a soft, thin stream, wasting valuable seconds trying to empty her bladder as quickly as possible. But as time passes, the stream becomes much stronger and noisier. It's so strong that a little even spills out of the toilet bowl because her legs are so wide open.

The pee keeps coming, and the woman, with a look of relief, wishes she didn't have to stop the stream. She still feels pressure in her bladder, although it has decreased noticeably.

At this point, she's already reached 30 seconds, and the Dom orders her to stop immediately, to which she obeys with great effort, squirming to stop. She arches her back, snaps her legs together, and uses her hands to help herself slow the endless stream, which she manages to stop. The two congratulate the girl on her efforts, while she still feels a slight burning in her urethra from having to stop all that pee that had to come out.

He orders her to clean up, get up, and get dressed.

*022*2025-03-27 01:31

Once she's up and dressed, they say goodbye to the other woman, who says:

- I loved seeing you so desperate, and especially seeing you pee, dying of embarrassment because I was watching you. I'm sure you still really need to pee, right? It was hard for you to stop the flow. I wish I could see how you finish. A pleasure, have fun.

When they're already walking away from the bathroom and the desperate girl thinks they're finally going home, he tells her he's going to buy a half-liter bottle of water from the bar for her to drink on the way home. Her eyes widen and she doubles over in anticipation of desperation.

- More water? But I still have almost half the bottle we brought, and I could still pee for half a minute longer or more. Isn't the water I still have to drink and the pee I still need to do enough? And what if there's traffic...?

- Yes, more water. You've emptied a lot in that pee I allowed you. You have to refill everything, and it's not my fault you didn't finish the water we brought from home. Don't worry about the traffic, I expect it will take about 15-20 minutes.

Peeing and having to stop and get up mid-pee and get dressed in wet clothes has been torturous for her, but it's even worse when, upon asking for the bottle, she hears them tell him that they only have 1L bottles for sale. She fears the worst, but asks:

- Do I have to drink all of it plus the one I brought...?

*023*2025-03-27 01:47

- I think so. You're going to have to drink that whole bottle, and obviously the other one too. It's quite a bit of water, but you can handle it, right? You'll see how you'll get home safely afterward.

Just thinking about it makes her feel her pussy throb. A cold liter bottle and a half-full bladder... it's going to be very difficult. He pays, smiles, and hands it to her:

- You can start drinking, or you won't finish it in time.

She opens it and starts drinking. One gulp, two, three. When she's about to stop, she notices him gently lifting it with his hand so she can keep drinking. He knows her and knows she's trying to time it so she can finish it almost as soon as she gets home so it doesn't give her time to take effect and fill her bladder too far from home.

He makes her drink almost half the bottle in one go, and she looks it worriedly.

- Good girl, that's how I like it.

They're now heading to the car, and as they get in, she feels her bladder start to complain again. After a while of traveling, she only took two sips trying to delay finishing it. She saw a lot of traffic and there was too much water left...

*024*2025-03-31 00:13

He realizes that she is waiting until she's close to home to keep drinking and says:

- Keep drinking, don't wait any longer. I want you to finish this bottle now. And you know you still have to drink the other bottle we brought.

The moment he says that, a traffic jam appears.

- It looks like you're going to be in trouble, even so, you have to drink it all.

Her eyes widen, panicking 😰.

- Dom... if I drink all this now and we're stopped for too long, I'm going to pee myself in the car 🥺...

She wiggles in the seat, bounces, and unbuckles her seatbelt when she notices they're stopping. She leans forward and moans, she's starting to feel in her bladder the soda they drank and the water they bought and she drank at the bar. She lifts up a little and puts her heel under her pussy, hoping that will help her hold off. She pees a lot, and she still has about a liter left to go.

- Will you let me keep drinking when we get moving again? 🥺

- You have to drink it all. What are those questions? Do it. Now.

She, worried, begins to drink the water. The traffic jam is lasting longer than expected, and there are still about 15 minutes left until we get home, and that's taking its toll on her bladder...
