A Complicated Path -Emma Pt1

Author: Olfa

*000*2024-11-27 20:29

Emma walked quickly through the empty streets, cursing her decision not to use the bathroom before saying goodbye to her friends. The pressure in her abdomen was unbearable. As she passed a nearby park, she looked around; it was dark and there didn’t seem to be anyone. Right here... just a few seconds, she thought, heading toward some bushes.

But just as she was about to crouch down, a car passed slowly, briefly lighting her up with its headlights. Her face flushed with embarrassment, and with a frustrated sigh, she stood up quickly. I can’t do this here, she thought, crossing her legs tightly before continuing on her way.

She finally reached the door of her building, but when she put her hand in her purse, she realized the zipper was stuck. “No, no, no!” she muttered, pulling harder as her body begged for relief. After what felt like an eternity, she managed to get the keys out, unlocked the door, and rushed to the elevator.

The panel showed it was coming up from the basement. Emma shifted from foot to foot, crossing her legs instinctively as she impatiently pressed the button. When the doors finally opened, she rushed in and pressed the button for her floor, praying it wouldn’t stop on any other level.

As the elevator ascended, the soft hum and the vibrations under her feet only made her situation worse. Just a little longer... I can make it, she kept telling herself, though doubt began to creep in.

When the doors opened, Emma hurried out, rushing toward her apartment with the keys already in her hand. But when she reached the door, a wave of urgency coursed through her body, forcing her to stop and bend slightly, squeezing her legs together desperately. Please, just a few more seconds...

Emma was trembling as she tried to insert the key into the lock. Her hands wouldn’t cooperate, and each failed attempt heightened her anxiety. The pressure was so intense that she had to stop for a second, crossing her legs tightly and letting out a shaky sigh.

Finally, the key clicked into place. She turned the lock and pushed the door open, almost stumbling inside. She dropped her purse to the floor and rushed toward the bathroom, but as soon as she saw the door slightly ajar, her body seemed to give in.

The first drop escaped, sending a shiver down her spine. Emma gasped in shock, her mind torn between stopping it or just letting go. But within seconds, her resistance crumbled. The warmth spread from her abdomen, down her thighs, soaking her clothes and spilling onto the floor. The sound of the liquid hitting the wood echoed in the empty space, and a wave of overwhelming relief washed over her.

She closed her eyes, resting one hand on the wall to steady herself. It was embarrassing, yes, but at the same time, there was something strangely pleasurable about letting it all flow without restriction. Her breath became ragged, not from the effort, but from the mix of relief and an unexpected sense of satisfaction that made her smile.

When it was over, she stayed still, feeling the warmth still lingering in her clothes and the droplets slowly sliding down her legs. She opened her eyes and looked down, the glistening puddle reflecting the hallway lights.

“I guess this wasn’t so bad after all...” she murmured to herself, letting out a quiet laugh. Carefully, she took off her shoes and made her way to the bathroom, savoring the moment one last time before beginning to clean up.

