Anna's Discovery

Author: OmoScripter

*000*2019-07-02 21:47

This was the first piece of omo fiction I ever wrote. It's part of an important sub-genre: the discovery story.

###

Anna tried not to think about how much she needed the loo as she hurried for the last tube.

She'd been out drinking with some old friends after work that Friday night. She hadn't had a piss since she'd left the office, and she'd had four large cocktails that evening. Anna had felt her need growing throughout the evening, but just as she thought she should nip to the loo her friend Jade started telling a story about all the guys she'd pulled on her recent holiday. Anna really didn't need to hear this - she hadn't had a good shag in months - but one of her other friends bought her another drink. She sipped at it idly and played with her long brown hair while she let Jade's story wash over her, nodding every now and again but not really listening.

Eventually Jade had finished, but then Anna realised she'd have to hurry if she wanted to make the train. She'd downed the rest of her drink, waved a quick goodbye to her friends, and hurried towards the station.

Anna knew there was no toilet at the station, but she also knew she didn't have time anyway. She almost ran through the station and managed to board the train just before the doors closed. Luckily there was a seat free just by the door. She sat down and stared at the seat opposite her as she tried to distract herself from her bursting bladder. She lived right at the end of the tube line, 15 stops away. It would be difficult, but she thought she'd just about be able to hold on.

15 stops to go, Anna thought as she sat back into her seat. She'd only had four cocktails, no more than usual. She could do this.

14 stops to go. Anna realised one of the adverts on the opposite wall was for incontinence pads. She smiled despite herself, knowing that if the worst came to the worst one of those pads would not be enough. Not that it was going to. She'd be fine.

13 stops to go. Anna noticed a guy further down the carriage pull out a bottle of water and drink heavily from it. Anna gritted her teeth and clenched her legs together, but the guy was clearly oblivious to the effect he was having on her.

12 stops to go. Anna was starting to fidget now, crossing and uncrossing her legs in an effort to distract herself, not caring if she showed off her white knickers under her black skirt.

11 stops to go. A girl with long blonde hair got on the train and collapsed into the seat opposite Anna. She'd clearly had far too much to drink and stared vacantly into space. Anna noticed she was wearing a white top that was much too tight, and a pair of tight light blue jeans. Jeans with a large dark patch in the crotch. Anna's eyes widened as she realised the girl was so drunk she'd pissed herself. Anna felt her own need intensify and she bit down on her lip to stop herself from pissing her knickers.

10 stops to go. This was a popular nightspot and the train was boarded by many drunken revellers. The carriage suddenly became much more crowded. Two young women were among the crowd and were standing next to Anna. The first was tall, blonde and wearing a short denim skirt. The other was a short brunette in a pair of jeans. Both were clearly desperate for the toilet.

9 stops to go. Anna couldn't help overhearing the conversation of the two desperate women.

"I wish we'd had time to go to the loo before we left the club." said the blonde.

"You always say that. You weren't complaining when we were dancing." said the brunette.

"You're not much better off than me. You need a wee as well."

"I can manage. It's not like it would be the first time I've wet myself"

8 stops to go. The girl with the wet jeans and the passenger next to her got off the train, and the two desperate women took their seats. Anna could see the pink knickers of the blonde up her skirt as she crossed her legs and tried not to think about her own growing need to piss.

"You've wet yourself before?!" exclaimed the blonde as she jammed a hand between her legs.

"Truth be told, I quite like to wee myself." said the brunette.

"Really? How could you like that?"

"It just feels so good to let it all go and not have to hold it in anymore."

7 stops to go. Despite her need to piss Anna couldn't help be intrigued by the womens' conversation.

"I was lying on the beach a few months ago." continued the brunette. "I'd been lying there for a while, when all of a sudden I really needed a wee. It was so hot I couldn't be bothered to get up and find a toilet, so I just did it in my bikini. It felt so warm and naughty I just had to bring myself off right there. That wasn't the only time that happened that holiday.

"The next time I was in a lecture at uni. I'd needed a wee when the lecture started and it just got worse as it went on. Eventually I just couldn't hold it anymore and I weed myself. Luckily I was wearing a skirt so nobody noticed. Thinking about how naughty I'd been made me really horny, and when I got home I rubbed myself through my wet knickers and had a massive orgasm.

"After that I started doing it as often as I could get away with it."

6 stops to go. Anna could feel her desperation growing by the minute, and listening to the brunette talk so casually about it wasn't helping. She could also feel a small damp patch in her white knickers and she realised she was becoming aroused. The blonde wasn't doing much better. She had both hands jammed into the crotch and was swearing under her breath.

Suddenly the brunette stood up. "I can't hold it anymore. I'm just going to wee myself".

There was a hissing noise, and the brunette's jeans started to darken as she closed her eyes and let out a small sigh. The sight of the large wet patch spreading down her thighs was almost too much for Anna and a small squirt of piss escaped into her knickers. She bent forward and jammed both of her hand into her crotch under her skirt. She was NOT going to piss herself.

The blonde was not so lucky. Seeing her friend deliberately wetting her jeans was too much for her and Anna saw a large wet spot appear in the crotch of her pink knickers.

"Jenny, stop! You're making me wet my knickers."

"Just do it Bex. It feels soooo good." said Jenny, who had now stopped pissing (having completely soaked herself) and had shoved a hand down the inside of her jeans. She was making a low moaning noise as she stared intently at Bex's knickers.

5 stops to go. The last remaining passengers left the carriage.

Bex gave up at that point. A torrent of piss forced its way into her knickers, soaking her skirt and the seat under it. This only seemed to excite Jenny even more as her moaning became louder and the motions of her hand grew faster. Anna could feel her own arousal building as well. Her knickers became damper and her nipples hardened under her white blouse.

Suddenly Jenny let out a sharp scream and collapsed into her seat. Anna's eyes widened. Watching Bex piss herself had allowed Jenny to have a massive orgasm. Bex had stopped pissing herself now and was idly stroking herself through her wet knickers.

Jenny looked at her friend.

"Oh Bex, that was soooo sexy.", and she leaned in and kissed the blonde on the mouth. "Let's go back to my place and I'll return the favour."

4 stops to go. The two girls got off the train. Anna could have sworn that Jenny winked at her as they left. The episode had not helped her desperate state, and she was now so horny she was going to need a serious wanking session when she got home. She was crossing her legs, holding herself, biting her lip, anything to stop her from pissing herself.

3 stops to go. Anna tried to think about why she was so desperate. She'd only had four cocktails, no more than usual. And then it hit her. She hadn't had four cocktails. She'd had five. And she'd downed a good third of the extra one because she'd had to leave. She'd never had that many before. She was suddenly much less confident that she would make it home without pissing herself.

2 stops to go. Anna was rubbing herself through her damp knickers now, trying to stop herself from pissing by bringing herself close to orgasm. She ran over Jade's stories in her mind, both to arouse and distract herself. There was the guy she'd pulled on the beach while she was sunbathing topless. There was the guy she'd pulled in the club on her second night. There was the guy she pulled after she pissed on the floor of the club because she really had to go.

Anna sat bolt upright. The was not helping her current predicament. Another squirt of piss escaped into her knickers in sympathy. She clamped down hard on her bladder to prevent any more piss from escaping.

1 stop to go. Anna's bladder was screaming for release. She was rubbing her crotch for all she was worth trying to hold the rest of her piss in. She wasn't going to last much longer.

At last, the train pulled into the final station. Anna gingerly rose from her seat and made her way out of the carriage. She hobbled out of the station and began walking up the path towards to road. It wasn't far to her house. It would be slow going, but she could do it.

And then it started to rain.

The sudden downpour was too much for Anna and a long squirt of piss escaped into her knickers. She lifted the front of her skirt with one hand and jammed the other into her knickers in a last ditch attempt to hold in her piss. But it was no use. Her bladder gave up and she began pissing forcefully into her knickers.

Anna let out a moan as the hot piss poured through her knickers and down her legs. The warmth against her clit heightened her state of arousal and she began furiously rubbing herself through her now soaking wet knickers. She was already close to orgasm and it didn't take long before she came forcefully, moaning loudly as she did so, not caring if anyone was watching.

Anna wallowed in her orgasm for a few moments before she came round and remembered where she was. She hurried home, much more quickly now that she had relieved her bursting bladder. Despite the short walk the heavy rain meant that she was soaked to the skin by the time she arrived. She hurried upstairs to her bedroom, trying not to wake her housemate as she did so.

She entered her bedroom and quickly removed her now see-though blouse and her rain soaked skirt. Her bra was also wet, so she removed it, releasing her perky breasts and her still erect nipples. She was now clad in only her piss soaked knickers as she looked at herself in her full length mirror.

Anna surveyed the results of her accident. There was a large wet patch in the front of her knickers. Turning around and looking over her shoulder she saw an equally large damp area. She turned around again and looked at the soaked crotch of her knickers. Instinctively she pulled them tight against her pussy and began running her fingers up and down the resulting camel toe.

She thought back over the events of her journey, her arousal increasing as she did so. She moved her hand faster and faster as she pictured Jenny wanking as she pissed her jeans. As Anna envisioned Jenny cumming in her jeans she climaxed into her own wet knickers for the second time that night.

In the aftermath of her orgasm Anna needed to piss again. This time she pulled her knickers tight against her pussy, leaned back and thrust out her crotch, before pissing forcefully onto the floor. She giggled as her puddle grew on the carpet, her piss splattering loudly on the floor. She thrust her fingers into her pussy and came a third time into her now drenched knickers.

Utterly spent, Anna collapsed into her bed, too tired to change or even to remove her wet knickers. As she closed her eyes and drifted into sleep, she knew she would have to do this again.

*007*2019-07-03 23:03

Huh. That was a better response than I was expecting. Thanks all.

I did have an idea for a sequel, but never developed it further. Unfortunately that means it's unlikely to be forthcoming any time soon.

Nevertheless it's nice to know there's some demand .

