Missing and Desperate in Action (NPC-Breath of the Wild)

Author: OmoGamer32

*000*2021-04-15 10:27

This story is inspired by @PPP

's Zelda Stories and is based off the "Missing in Action" side quest in Breath of the Wild.

"C'mon you guys,just a bit more!" Sesami said as he pointed to the path ahead. The traveller strutted with a confident smile while his four friends followed him. His group consisted of Oliff,flaxel,Canolo and Palme. The group of travellers were currently making their way through the Koukot Plateau,located within the Gerudo Canyon.

"I'm getting tired...."Canolo said as she stopped for a bit.

"C'mon! We're almost there! The next Stable shouldn't be that far according to the map" The leader said. he pointed forward and started strutting at a faster pace.

"H-Hey! Wait! Slow down,Sesami!" Palme finished chugging a bottle of Chilly Elixir. The rest of the group quickly followed suit. Canolo groaned and looked at her friend,Flaxel.

"My legs are killing me. Adventuring is more exhausting than i thought it would be. i REALLY hope we don't have to walk much to reach the Gerudo Canyon Stable."

"I hope so too...i'm also starting to get a bit tired"

The group continued walking without much trouble. Flaxel however was lagging behind a bit and her walk was a bit stiff in comparison to her friends. She had a completely different reason for wanting to reach another stall soon: She really needed to go to the bathroom. As to be expected,the Gerudo Wastelands were incredibly hot and a lot of travellers have collapsed while making their way through the lands. A lot of Gerudo clothing were made so that one can withstand the weather in the desert. But Flaxel didn't have any gerudo clothes,so she and her group had to keep themselves hydrated by drinking Chilly Elixirs.

The effect of the Elixirs only lasted a few minutes,so they had to drink a lot of bottles. Needless to say,it didn't take long very for her to start feeling pressured by her bladder. There weren't a lot of bushes around either. there were a lot of rocks and boulders,but there were usually monsters hiding behind those. And while Flaxel had some experience with swords,these monsters were pretty though and could easily overwhelm her. as such,Flaxel had no choice but to hold it until they could reach a stable.

"Sesami! Slow down! there could be monsters up ahead!" Oliff yelled.

"Ha! Those monsters shouldn't be a problem. i'm a master at Karate! They won't stand a chance!" Sesami said proudly.

"Are we there yet? Canolo asked to sesami as she looked around.

"We are,all we have to do is make our way throu-"

"LOOK OUT!!!!" Palme yelled. The group looked up just in time to see a boulder coming their way. They quickly scattered and dodged the boulders.

"Oh no! Why now of all times?!" Flaxel asked,her eyes focused on what was up ahead: A group of Blue and Black Lizalfos. The monsters pulled out their weapons and charged towards the group!"

"Oh Hylia!" Palme yelled as he quickly looked for somewhere to hide. Flaxel groaned as she grabbed her sword and shield. One of the Lyzalfos leaped towards her,but Flaxel was able to block it's attack with her shield. The Lyzafos started swinging it's sword around and Flaxel successfully blocked each strike. But with each hit,she could feel a twinge in her bladder. She swung her sword and slashed the Lyzalfos away, She quickly took a few steps back and looked around.

"Is everyone okay?!" Flaxel asked as she crossed her legs.

"I'm fine!"

"Managing...."

"Wait,Where did Sesami go?!" Palme asked. The group looked around and sure enough,their leader was nowhere to be found.

"Oh,don't tell me he abandoned us!" Canolo groaned. Suddenly,a Lyzalfos leaped towards her. Canolo shrieked and braced herself for the attack,but Flaxel blocked the strike just in time and pushed the Lyzalfos away.

"There's more!" Oliff yelled as more monsters approached. the group quickly ran away and tried to look for places to avoid to monsters. Flaxel ran up to some wooden planks and stopped to see if the monsters were following her. She put her shield and sword on her backpack and kept running just in case. She felt another twinge in her bladder,causing her to jam both of her hands between her legs.

"Damn it! Why did these monsters have to show up now?! I need to pee so badly!" Flaxel though as she continued running up the wooden planks. Eventually,she was hundreds of meters above the ground she was originally on before the monsters appeared. She hid behind a crate and waited for a while. She crossed her legs and looked around. The rest of the group didn't follow her up there. She groaned and looked down. She didn't know how far the stable was and with how full her bladder was,she was starting to worry that she wasn't going to make it. She decided that she had to relieve herself somewhere out here. She looked at the crate behind her and then looked around again. There was still nobody in sight and it's not like anyone below could see her taking care of business.

She took of her backpack and placed it next to crate. She then grabbed the waist of her pants and pulled them down along with her panties. She slowly bent her knees until her butt has hovering a few inches above the ground. She looked around more time and once she was 100% sure there was nobody near,she relaxed.A small spurt came out of her,causing her to let out a moan. then another spurt came out followed by a powerful stream of urine.

"Ahhh......Finally~" Flaxel said as she closed her eyes. Her stream created a puddle that slowly grew until a couple of drops slipped through one of the gaps on the wooden floor. Flaxel opened her eyes and looked at the puddle.

"Ohh...i really hope nobody is standing down there..." She said to herself as she continued to empty her bladder. Her moment of peace was quickly interrupted when she heard a monstrous groan.

"Huh?! Oh! No! No! No! No!" Flaxel said as she tried to finish her stream as quickly as possible. She heard the monster getting closer and closer. She panicked,there was no way she could fight like this. She braced herself for what was about to happen next.

Until she heard the monster croaking in pain. She then heard the sound of a sword slashing the monster. Was someone else there? After a few more slash sounds,there was silence. no noise other than the sound of her pee stream,which itself was getting weaker until only a few drops came out.

"Umm....hello?" Flaxel yelled. She then heard someone grunt.

"Is anyone there?" She asked. She quickly heard an "Uh-huh" followed by a few footsteps.

"W-Wait! Don't come any closer!" The footsteps stopped.

"Umm...just wait for a few seconds." Flaxel said as she started digging into her backpack to for something to wipe with. She pulled out a few tissues she brought with her and took one. After wiping herself she pulled her pants back up,grabbed her backpack and stepped away from the crate.

It is then that she saw the person who had taken care of those monsters. Another hylian wearing a blue tunic. he also had a shield and a sword with a hilt that looked just like the sword of legend.

"Did you...take care of them?" The hylian nodded and smiled.

"Thanks for the assist,pal. i was worried for a bit...Ugh..i'm going to be so sore tomorrow...." She said. What the fellow hylian said next angered Flaxel. Apparently,Sesami had already made it to the stable and sent the hylian to get him.

"So Sesami was kicking his feet up at the Stable while me and my friends were over here getting attacked?! That spineless Cucco! I'm going to give him a piece of my mind when i get back! and a piece of my fist too!" Flaxel said as she ran off and made her way down the wooden planks.

###

Link scratched his head as he watched the girl run off with anger. He turned to the crate and pulled out his sword. Wanting to see what was inside the crate,he slashed the crate and broke it instantly. To his disappointment, the crate was completely empty. However,something else caught his attention; part of the floor behind the crate was wet. It was then that link realised why the girl wanted him to wait a little,she was relieving herself.

Link look at the puddle again and sheathed his sword. He just shrugged and walked away from the wet floor. There aren't any toilets out here in the wild,so he could understand why she choose to pee there. And it's not like he could judge her for it,he also had to make a few stops every once in a while during his quest.

*002*2021-04-23 20:25

{{38 minutes ago, PPP said:

Very enjoyable read. I guess no character's too minor to be omorashified...

}}

Guess not.

Thanks

