The Green Dam and the Water Golem (A fantasy writing commission)

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2023-01-17 05:46

Hello once again reader! This story is the result of an art trade between myself and @Tentacool, where he wished for an omo story set in a fantasy time zone. I'm not the most adapt at fantasy, but I gave it my best shot and I don't think it's half bad! I hope you enjoy it!

And fear not, I will not forget about the backlog of my other stories as well! Your feedback and support is so very much appreciated!

- Orion

The Green Dam and the Water Golem

Prologue

Nestled in a valley was the Kingdom of Aragoza. A kingdom ruled by humans that was a melting pot of different races and beings. A prosperous, peaceful kingdom that is the product of centuries of brutal war and conflict. The valley before those times was one of an uneasy peace, segregated into their factions of their brethren. The human population in what is now the capital, Arasootas, was always a marginalized and struggling people in between the dwellings of the various races of Dwarves, Elves, and the Dragonborne. With little magical power or brute strength like many of the other races, humans had to tread lightly in their small numbers to avoid even a small conflict they were hopeless to win. However, a population boom and rapid innovation of the humans allowed them to thrive, and eventually establish a military presence.

A tyrannical leader rose to power and popularity, and sought to take control of the valley for their own intentions, including annexation or removal of the other factions. The rapid growth and military expansion of the self-proclaimed Xander Dynasty (named after the mentioned dictator) resulted in a military force unlike the valley had ever seen, with advanced weaponry, armor, and tactics that stood up to the strength and magical power they had lacked. A quick dispatch of a small army of orcs by the military was a successful campaign; with the consequence of the complete annihilation of their race.

The message was clear: Join us, or die. Seeing the atrocities before them, the other races grew worrisome and then angry, each declaring war on the Dynasty. Centuries of on-and-off conflict persisted between the humans and the civilizations of the other races. Despite the death of tyrant leaders and the eventually fall of the dynasty into a more democratic constitutional monarchy, the animosity of the factions was still palpable. War continued to rage on, atrocities committed on both sides, and as the men and resources depleted on both sides, the supernatural factions agreed on an alliance, and sent a final hail mary to end the war once and for all. It did, however, result in a resounding human victory.

The newly founded Kingdom of Aragoza annexed the regions of the supernatural and continued to expand, growing its influence as it opened connections within its borders and integrated the races it ruled over. Despite the takeover, the new Kingdom displayed much more graciousness than its tyrannical past, still claiming ownership and power over the regions, but allowing them to live in freedom, and integrating into their new society.

While their populations thinned and weakened, the races slowly recovered their numbers and way of life, but some argue still live under the yoke of the kingdom, hoping for true independence. But for now, peace is the order of the day, the kingdom is a place of equality, with neighborhoods and niches for everyone, sharing their cultures and language and embracing each other as if they are their own. None is a greater example of this explained in the capital, where everyone from the humans, dwarves, elves, dragonborne, and everything in between mingle and work together.

However, farther along the valley exists a dense forest, difficult to navigate and serves as the only point along the valley that serves as access to the outside world by land. The kingdom had long wished to clear the forest to improve access to the outside world, however this forest and the caverns and cliffs around them were the territory belonging to goblins. The Goblin race remained in the shadows during the time of war, and remained within their territory, looting the occasional traveler or lost soldier. They had no desire to participate, and neither the humans nor the supernatural alliance wished to have them on their side, as they were considered a treacherous and slimy group.

When the word to clear their forest trickled down from the Kingdom to the goblins, the Goblin Kingdom immediately grew defensive and thwarted advancements of Aragoza by attacking their surveyors. Thus began a cold war between the smaller Goblin Kingdom and the giant Aragoza Kingdom. Negotiations always went poorly with little progress being made for years between the two sides. While the Kingdom of Aragoza could snowplow the Goblins with their military, the Queen of Aragoza and the royal family wished to improve their aggressive reputation by suing for peace. For years, an unsettling anxiety throughout the Kingdoms rang as peace between them began to strain.

Chapter 1

It was until one Summer’s morning, where our story begins. The goblin Queen Caelus, awoke as if it were any other morning. She yawned, her stout, shortstack frame stretching to greet the day. Her large pointed ears perked up, hearing the wisp of the wind gently sway the trees seen from the opening in her mountain castle. Her long, flowing purple-gray hair accentuating her nude body (goblins don’t wear clothing in their sleep), her soft and squishy body that had a noticeable bulge in her abdomen.

Like any other morning, Queen Caelus always had an urge to relieve herself, just as anyone else would in the morning. The queen had a strong bladder, and loved to drink the various nectars and juices from the fruit of the forest, or even better, the alcohol looted from the occasional traveler. Being a goblin, her skin and body was stretchy for the sake of resilience, allowing, in combination with her large fluid consumption, to produce a hefty bulge in her abdomen nearly every day. Still, she felt quite an urge to pee from holding her contents all night, and made her way to her chamber’s washroom, her bladder, along with her thick thighs, curvaceous rump, and bountiful bosom, to jiggle and wobble as she strided.

The washroom was nothing but a small room with two buckets, one for relieving in, and one filled with fresh spring water for which to bathe herself, fetched by her royal underlings. Like any other day, the queen squatted over her bucket and relaxed her tense pelvic muscles, ready for the small ocean of piss inside of her to go shooting out as the mass in her belly would slowly diminish.

Only, neither of those things happened. Odd… The queen squatted harder, actively trying to push out her liquid burden. Nothing. She strained her face, and bit her lip, trying to expel her contents. Still nothing. Caelus was perplexed, and considerably worried. Was she sick? She forgoed the bucket and instead elected to squat further to pee onto the stone floor, now desperate to relieve herself. Despite all her strength, her urethra would not open despite all the force and liquid coming down to force it so. Panicking, she called out to her underlings, and urgently requested the appearance of the Kingdom’s goblin doctors, which by human standards, were not quite doctors at all, merely those experienced in the art of trial and error rather than medicine.

The doctors sat down Caelus on her bed once again, and performed a matter of primitive procedures on the poor Queen, from trying to “push” the piss out by squeezing her bladder, to having her legs pulled back to her feet over her head, to attempting to stick small rods and pulling open her urethra as she pushed, all with no results, her desperate urethra even refusing to open at all, as if it were sealed tight. With nothing left to try, the doctors simply suggested that it will go away with time, which the Queen worryingly agreed, going on with her day with an uncomfortable but manageable load the entire time. The day passed, every few hours the queen attempted to relieve herself to no end product, and continually being told that the effect is temporary and just be patient. Nighttime rolled around, and she uncomfortably rolled into bed, tossing and turning with a throbbing, bloated bladder.

The next morning and the day thereafter was much the same, and then the next day, then the day after that, and after that, until a whole week had passed until she simply could not take it anymore. Her belly looked pregnant, perhaps beyond that, as her skin stretched and swelled to contain such a large amount of boiling, sloshing pee. It had gotten to the point where her normal clothes had simply gotten too tight and small to fit her figure. She scolded the doctors and demanded a new solution as opposed to just simply waiting. However, her closest advisor and friend, Paiko, stepped forward.

“Aragoza. They could help us.”

The queen was detracted from her ranting to hear her out. “How would they help me? They are our enemies, why would they help us?”

“Please, Caelus. It is worth a try. Or do you wish to continue this discomfort and hardship that faces you every day, and will only get worse?” Her advisor belittled, accentuating her point by sticking a finger into the stretchy bulge of piss.

“Nnngh!” The queen recoiled. Seeing no other option, and utterly desperate for some form of relief, she conceded. “Fine. I don’t have much hope, but these numbskulls aren’t going to get me anywhere.” She shot a glare at the trio of doctors, avoiding her gaze by looking at the ground or whistling, gazing at the ceiling.

And so later that day The queen and Paiko departed their beloved kingdom with a group of Goblins to carry her highness's royal carriage, which was more like a makeshift horse cart. Goblins, even goblin royalty, were not picky regarding aesthetics.

The trip would take about two whole days, two days of torture to the queen as the beaten roads and paths bumped and rocked the poor cart and transitively her poor bladder. Each bump sloshed her tank’s content’s back and forth, putting pressure on every part of her poor body, with no way of relief. Even more tortuous was the bathroom breaks her escorts were taking, freely lifting their loincloths and peeing into the wind, sighing in relief as their queen looked beyond envious.

Paiko took pity on her, trying to limit the restroom breaks herself in an attempt to be sympathetic, but she reached her limits very quickly, and sheepishly excused herself various times to what was some very well-needed pisses, herself moaning in pleasure after holding as much as she is able to share the queen’s misery. While the gesture was admirable, it did nothing to help her situation. Her stretchy composition luckily lent her well, but while she was not in any fear of physically or metaphorically exploding, her discomfort beyond comparison, as well as the bulge in her stomach as well. Perhaps a comparison could be made to a pregnant belly once more, but this was one that was nine months pregnant with triplets and quadruplets, if even that.

And near the evening of the second day, the lights of Arasootas came into view over the edge of the hill, the brilliant, progressive, inclusive city shining like a beacon. A shiver went down the Queen’s spine, not just from the creeps and shivers her bladder was producing, but also in anticipation of the reaction of the people of the kingdom. The goblin kingdom was not very popular, to say the least. Would they even bother to help? Would they attack them on the spot and hold her hostage? The queen’s gut told her that this was a bad idea, going through the various probable scenarios as to what would happen upon approaching the city’s gates. But that feeling in her stomach was wildly superseded by the feeling in her bladder. Desperately looking for relief and help, she had to reach out to her kingdom’s rivals. She wearily looked at the massive city as her carriage approached the gates, her bladder churning its balloon of urine, her poor body nearing its incredible limit.

To be continued.

*004*2023-01-30 09:27

Chapter 2

The cart creaked as it went up the cobblestone path to the walls of the great city. Caelus once again looked up in equal parts amazement and anxiety. The walls of Arasootas stared down the lowly queen, dwarving the tallest oak trees she had come to know in her forest. The two sentries came forward, spears drawn, and Caelus could notice some of the stern eyes of more soldiers peering down at them through the balistraria, ready to draw their weapons and pounce on the goblin escort. The sentries approached the cart, and calmly yet assertively addressed them.

“What is your business, goblin?” The first one asked.

Paiko spoke upon the queen’s behalf. “Sirs, we are the royal highness of the goblin kingdom, and we have come to Arasootas because we have an urgent matter that requires meeting with your highness.” She said nobly. Paiko was one of the very few goblins that could read and speak decent English, having read and studied human literature and customs from books looted from passing travelers. She spoke with dignity, but the characteristic goblin “hiss” still accented her noble voice. Caelus could also read and write English as well, and could articulate just as well as Paiko could, but she understandably turned away, hiding behind her long white hair, and tried to conceal her tremendous bulge, to no effect.

The two sentries looked at each other, and seemed to have a conversation without words, by using slight head movements and signals with their hands and eyes. They took another step closer, their weapons drawn on the escort.

“We’re going to need more details than that, goblin highness. You of all people must understand that we can’t allow any goblin refugee into the city without justification, let alone meet her majesty the queen. Even if you are goblin royalty.” The guard sneered.

Paiko grew agitated. Her queen and friend in considerable pain and stress, there was no time to spare quibbling over politics. “I don’t have to answer to you our cause for coming here. Our reasoning is strictly royal business, only matters to be discussed with the Queen of Aragoza!”

The sentries furrowed their brows, the tension between the two groups increasing. The second sentry whistles, and from two doors beside the grand gate to Arasootas, a small brigade of guards emerged, wielding their spears, and surrounded the royal carriage. The goblin escort nervously backtracked, as the spears steadily grew closer to their flesh. Paiko was furious. “By the gods, let us in! We are not to be barred by the likes of you! We have a critical issue that we must discuss with her majesty!”

Queen Caelus, fearing a battle with her kind right then and there, finally spoke up. She pulled Paiko on the shoulder, and immediately she looked back at her queen, only to realize the needless situation her anger had put her in.

“P-please, guard… I am her highness… And our- my situation is dire. I have been cursed or somehow afflicted with some illness that causes me great discomfort. All I ask is to meet your queen to perhaps remedy my condition… P-perhaps, when I am well, we can once again start peace talks between our kingdoms.” She shifted restlessly in her seat, as her poor bladder throbbed with need.

The head sentry gave a hand signal, calling off the squadron, but still in an actionable position. “That was all the reasoning we needed, your highness. You should work on your partner’s communication skills, to avoid any future conflicts.” Paiko sheepishly looked away, ashamed at her blunder.

“Of course, we cannot simply grant you entry given our state of affairs. I will have my best runner send a message to the royal court pleading your case. I cannot guarantee your entry, but our Queen is a considerate one, even to a rival.” The guard stood proudly, as he and the rest of his squadron stood in their military stance.

“T-thank you guard… Your understanding is greatly appreciated.” Caelus sat back in her seat, relieved to avoid a deadly confrontation, but that would be the only relief she would feel.

For the next hour, the Queen and her escort stood idly, waiting for the return. The wait was Caelus’ own version of hell, as her bladder seemed to visibly swell and grow, now the size of a farmer’s prize watermelon, which for a goblin, meant that half the Queen’s size and nearly her entire weight was equivalent to her bladder’s mass. The Queen dressed as conservatively as she could; goblin royal attire shows much more skin and curves then human nobility, so she did her level best to not look like a harlot standing next to the human queen.

Her condition dictated that her attempt to be conservative would be in vain, as her royal “dress” was a two piece top and bottom, with her skirt now riding below her bladder. She desperately tried to salvage her appearance with a white veil and some stockings to cover up her skin, but her illusion was transparent. And now, her condition was pressing hard on her bottoms, stretching the waistband of her small white frilly skirt. Goblin skin and figure can stretch magnificently, and their attire can usually achieve a similar effect, but time was ticking on her clothes that would leave her nude should they be shredded to tatters from a frothingily full ocean of piss; after all, goblins don’t wear undergarments.

Caelus cradled her poor burdened bladder. Even her soft touch sent tingles and pangs through her body, and as the wind began to move in, Caelus could hardly even bear the crisp breeze on her stretched skin. By now, Caelus could not even reach around the globular mass in her abdomen to grab herself if she wanted to, her arms could not even reach. Luckily, if you can call it that, holding was not required even if the pressure on her urethra and bladder floor rivaled that of the deepest ravines in the ocean.

Speaking of pressure, the Queen’s bladder puts a lot of weight on her lower bits, one of them being her reproductive organs. Goblins are one of the few remaining races capable of heats. A goblin summer was rather ripe with lovemaking and sexual promiscuity. Lovemaking sessions would typically last for weeks within the kingdom, sometimes upwards of a month. Of course, it was beginning to become that time of year, and not even the goblin queen was immune to her urges.

Of course, Caelus had bigger concerns and sensations rather than her libido up to this point, but now, its need has begun to show itself more prominently on her voyage, and especially now. The queen had a host of pleasurable toys and occasionally goblin mates at her disposal, but here she had neither, and now she didn’t even have the reach to touch herself to relieve her carnal desires. What a cruel twist of fate. The queen bit her lip as her womanhood throbbed along with her aching bladder, hoping the feeling would pass before her juices would make a sticky spot on her seat, or a runoff down her thighs.

“Caelus?”

The queen stirred from her daydreaming and focus on her desperate need to answer Paiko. “Y-yes?”

“I’m… sorry for my behavior.” Tears welled up in her poor friend. Paiko meant well. She was only concerned for her friend. The last thing she wished to do was create conflict between the kingdoms. “I got ahead of myself… And that guard was being a jerk…”

Caelus quiveringily placed a hand on her dear friend’s shoulder. Despite her condition, Caelus was always grateful for what she had. For goblin royalty, her considerate and shy nature was out of character for a more greedy and impulsive goblin king or queen, but the change of pace was well-respected.

“It’s ok, Paiko, I know you mean the best. Our patience and understanding will reward us, making demands or threats will only set us back. I’ll be ok… Just make sure you look after yourself as well.” Caelus said with the wisdom of a great druid.

A single tear escaped Paiko’s eye, which she wiped away. She nodded in agreement. She reached over and gave her queen an awkward hug, doing her best to avoid any pressure on her repository of boiling piss as it swelled and churned.

The head guard broke up their moment with an announcement.

“My runner has just returned. The royal court will allow entry and assemble a meeting with you, on the condition that your escort and carriage remain out here, and under our watch. Only you and your partner are permitted entry. An escort of our men will take you to the castle.”

Caelus and Paiko acknowledged him, and disembarked the carriage, Caelus taking far more time to do so as her round belly weighed on her, each subtle movement pounding her wall’s with sloshing urine. It was then where the royal guards could get a better look at Queen Caelus and her payload. Many gawked at her state, some whispering to one another and snickering. Caelus grew red from embarrassment from the extra attention. Well, red for a goblin, at least.

A new squadron came through the small doors to escort Caelus and Paiko to the castle, many having a similar reaction to their squadmates. They stood in their escort formation, ready to take the Queen, finally, to her destination. A bell gonged within the castle walls, and the great gate of Arasootas finally began to creak open. Caelus gulped, the part she feared was past her, but there was no promise for improvement or release to her condition within this city, she could only hope for it. Her bladder swelled and ached continuously, her clothes were stretched and nearing their own limits. Caelus could only hope that the venerable royal court of Aragoza could look upon her with favor and assistance. She nervously watched the legendary gate that steeled the great kingdom creep open, hoping that the gate that was sealed away in her urethra could open as well with her visit.

